<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>DPVCG Meeting Call &ndash; 22 NOV 2023</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>DPVCG Meeting Call</h1>
<h2>22 NOV 2023</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/3228df35-afc8-4125-be1d-219c5cfd3aff/20231122T150000/"><img alt="Agenda." title="Agenda" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/chronometer.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>beatriz, harsh, paul</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>delaram, tytti</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t01">DPV Maintainence</a></li>
<li><a href="#t02">Service new concept</a></li>
<li><a href="#t03">ISO 22989 AI terms</a></li>
<li><a href="#t04">Scope regarding AI</a></li>
<li><a href="#t05">Datasheets/Model cards</a></li>
<li><a href="#t06">Multilingual DPV</a></li>
<li><a href="#t07">Next Meeting</a></li>
<li class=app><a href="#ActionSummary">Summary of action items</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section><p id=x008 class=summary>Meeting minutes: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings</a></p>
<p id=x009 class=summary>purl for this meeting: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-11-22">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings/<wbr>meeting-2023-11-22</a></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t01>DPV Maintainence</h3>
<p id=x011 class=summary>see live version at <a href="https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/">https://<wbr>harshp.com/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>dpv/</a></p>
<p id=x012 class=summary>discussion on whether this work should be moved to the main DPV repo - requires verifying it is correct before moving; positive responses on the new design and layout</p>
<p id=a01 class=action><strong>ACTION:</strong> harsh to complete the implementation</p>
<p id=x014 class=summary>discussion on how to review this, requires people to go through the documents and see if the information is present and correct</p>
<p id=x015 class=summary>paul will go through the module pages for purposes - <a href="https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/modules/purposes">https://<wbr>harshp.com/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>modules/<wbr>purposes</a> and TOMs - <a href="https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/modules/TOM">https://<wbr>harshp.com/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>modules/<wbr>TOM</a></p>
<p id=a02 class=action><strong>ACTION:</strong> paul to review Purpose and TOMs docs</p>
<p id=x017 class=summary>beatriz will go through the module pages for GDPR <a href="https://harshp.com/dpv/legal/eu/gdpr">https://<wbr>harshp.com/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>legal/<wbr>eu/<wbr>gdpr</a> and DGA <a href="https://harshp.com/dpv/legal/eu/dga">https://<wbr>harshp.com/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>legal/<wbr>eu/<wbr>dga</a></p>
<p id=a03 class=action><strong>ACTION:</strong> beatriz to review GDPR and DGA docs</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t02>Service new concept</h3>
<p id=x020 class=summary><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/124">Issue 124  Add dpv:Service as a concept (by coolharsh55)</a></p>
<p id=x021 class=summary>discussed adding the concept <code>dpv:Service</code> to represent and align with legal and industry terms, e.g. services being provided, or grouping purposes into services. Group agrees this would be useful, but to confirm with participants next week.</p>
<p id=x022 class=summary>The relation <code>dpv:hasService</code> would associate something as having or being associated with a service.</p>
<p id=x023 class=summary>The concepts of <code>dpv:ServiceProvider</code> and <code>dpv:ServiceConsumer</code> and their relations <code>dpv:hasServiceProvider</code> and <code>dpv:hasServiceConsumer</code> would also be required to represent which <code>dpv:Entity</code> is providing the service and to whom.</p>
<p id=x024 class=summary>Service is a relevant concept in new legislations such as DGA, DSA, DMA, and allows aligning uses of DPV with terms such as <code>Business Process</code> or <code>Products and Services</code> under the umbrella term <u>Service</u>.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t03>ISO 22989 AI terms</h3>
<p id=x026 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/110">Issue 110</a></strong> Add concepts from ISO 22989:2022 AI Terminology (by coolharsh55) </p>
<p id=x027 class=summary>ISO 22989:2022 AI Terminology is a free/open standard which contains lots of terms related to AI. Since this is a standard, this is an important source for the terms and DPV should incorporate these with alignment to existing vocabularies.</p>
<p id=x028 class=summary>e.g. AI processes which are 'processing of data', technical measures, and so on</p>
<p id=x029 class=summary>to be discussed next week with the AI Act concepts</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t04>Scope regarding AI</h3>
<p id=x031 class=summary>discussion on ensuring the the work DPVCG does with/regarding AI does not become scope creep and that it is still relevant to the group's objectives</p>
<p id=x032 class=summary>As data is an important aspect of AI, and that it is likely to be present at input/output ends of it - the work we do such as DPV is likely to continue to be relevant. So the scope might be readjusting to ensure it is continued to be useful for such cases which still come under 'data' and 'privacy'.</p>
<p id=x033 class=summary>Group is encouraged to think and discuss scope at key stages of developments.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t05>Datasheets/Model cards</h3>
<p id=x035 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/94">Issue 94</a></strong>  Represent Dataset Datasheets with DPV (by coolharsh55) </p>
<p id=x036 class=summary>Continuing from question of scope - should we model these? They include terms of relevance to DPV e.g. data categories, purposes, risks.</p>
<p id=x037 class=summary>Assumed to be a weak yes unless objections emerge.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t06>Multilingual DPV</h3>
<p id=x039 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/89">Issue 89</a></strong>  Multi-lingual labels and descriptions for concepts (by coolharsh55) </p>
<p id=x040 class=summary>Tobias is available to help with multiple languages, using machine translation. Question is how to present these in the HTML documents?</p>
<p id=x041 class=summary>beatriz suggested having a dropdown or option at the top to select language</p>
<p id=x042 class=summary>harsh suggested having both other language and English at the start for the term labels and descriptions on that page in case the translation is incorrect</p>
<p id=x043 class=summary>harsh suggested doing the translations only at specific frequencies e.g. once a year to allow getting funding and access to legal experts in relevant languages before being aggresive about doing it continously</p>
<p id=x044 class=summary>harsh to follow up with tobias on implementing this systematically in the code used to generate RDF and HTML</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t07>Next Meeting</h3>
<p id=x046 class=summary>The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED NOV-29 15:00 WET / 16:00 CET. </p>
<p id=x047 class=summary>Asked about meetings in December. Based on availabilities, there may be no meetings from around 20th December to 3rd January. To be decided in December.</p>
</section>
</main>

<div id=ActionSummary>
<h2>Summary of action items</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#a01">harsh to complete the implementation</a></li>
<li><a href="#a02">paul to review Purpose and TOMs docs</a></li>
<li><a href="#a03">beatriz to review GDPR and DGA docs</a></li>
</ol>
</div>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 217 (Fri Apr  7 17:23:01 2023 UTC).</address>

</body>
</html>
