<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>DPVCG Meeting Call &ndash; 10 JAN 2024</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>DPVCG Meeting Call</h1>
<h2>10 JAN 2024</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/682f54f8-ee4d-4f1b-8427-417e3f160328/"><img alt="Agenda." title="Agenda" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/chronometer.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>beatriz, delaram, georg, harsh, iain, paul, tytti</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>-</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t01">Code for Documentation</a></li>
<li><a href="#t02">Using DPV for supporting individuals</a></li>
<li><a href="#t03">Presenting Consent to EU Commission</a></li>
<li><a href="#t04">Tech vocabulary</a></li>
<li><a href="#t05">AI vocabulary</a></li>
<li><a href="#t06">Updates and Interests</a>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t07">DPV and ODRL</a></li>
<li><a href="#t08">DPIA and AI</a></li>
<li><a href="#t09">ROPA and Privacy Notice</a></li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><a href="#t10">Next Meeting</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section><p id=x007 class=summary>Meeting minutes: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings</a></p>
<p id=x008 class=summary>purl for this meeting: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2024-01-10">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings/<wbr>meeting-2024-01-10</a></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t01>Code for Documentation</h3>
<p id=x010 class=summary>See email sent by harsh to the mailing list <a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2024Jan/0000.html">https://<wbr>lists.w3.org/<wbr>Archives/<wbr>Public/<wbr>public-dpvcg/<wbr>2024Jan/<wbr>0000.html</a></p>
<p id=x011 class=summary>this represents the changes to be made to DPV data and documentation - and the goal is to integrate/apply these to the W3C repo in the coming weeks. The outcome will be the next release of DPV.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t02>Using DPV for supporting individuals</h3>
<p id=x013 class=summary>Iain is working with IEEE P7012 group on machine readable privacy terms <a href="https://sagroups.ieee.org/7012/.">https://<wbr>sagroups.ieee.org/<wbr>7012/.</a></p>
<p id=x014 class=summary>The idea is to have something similar to Creative Commons, called Customer Commons, that builds tools on side of the customer, to have a contract that articulates the agreement from the side of the individual. Similar to how Creative Commons works for media.</p>
<p id=x015 class=summary>It will provide different descriptions for the contract e.g. lawyer view, human view, machine-readable view. The P7012 draft standard should be completed by April/May.</p>
<p id=x016 class=summary>links shared by Iain for more information: <a href="https://customercommons.org/solutions/tools/terms/p2b1/">https://<wbr>customercommons.org/<wbr>solutions/<wbr>tools/<wbr>terms/<wbr>p2b1/</a> and <a href="https://customercommons.org/solutions/tools/terms/p2b1/p2b1beta-human/">https://<wbr>customercommons.org/<wbr>solutions/<wbr>tools/<wbr>terms/<wbr>p2b1/<wbr>p2b1beta-human/</a> and <a href="https://customercommons.org/p2b1beta-legalese/">https://<wbr>customercommons.org/<wbr>p2b1beta-legalese/</a></p>
<p id=x017 class=summary>The relation to this group, the link to DPV, is based on concepts and descriptions from DPV being focused on the organisation or being written from the organisation's perspective. We need something that is helpful for individuals. For example. &quot;Service Provision&quot; and &quot;Service Consumption&quot; - so it can be the same concept with different labels or it can be a separate vocabularty that operates on the same basic concepts but for the individual or data subject.</p>
<p id=x018 class=summary>Iain will report back after asking P7012 how DPV can help. Meanwhile this group can discuss how to implement this or how it aligns with existing scope e.g. consent records or privacy notices where the target audience can be individuals.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t03>Presenting Consent to EU Commission</h3>
<p id=x020 class=summary>Georg shared that earlier with harsh there was a meeting with EU Commission presenting DPV for different competencies and regulations in relation to Consent. That discussion is ongoing, and the current topic is regarding paralells between GDPR consent, DGA consent, and ISO 27560 and ISO 29184.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t04>Tech vocabulary</h3>
<p id=x022 class=summary>Georg has highlighted the challenge of consistency - should we reflect industry terms or have consistency with DPV terms. </p>
<p id=x023 class=summary>Georg has suggested creating or supporting necessary operations such as for Data Processing Agreement, and to provide the taxonomy and tooling for managing information. Georg suggests these as good features to have but does not want to impose a priority on their uptake within the group.</p>
<p id=x024 class=summary>For security (tech and risk) we should have involvement from security people e.g. ISO standards to ensure this is correct and consistent. We also should look at case law e.g. CJEU decision - Controller using Processor is responsible for ensuring adequate security is implemented by Processor <a href="https://curia.europa.eu/juris/document/document.jsf?text=&amp;docid=280623&amp;pageIndex=0&amp;doclang=EN&amp;mode=lst&amp;dir=&amp;occ=first&amp;part=1&amp;cid=1066847.">https://<wbr>curia.europa.eu/<wbr>juris/<wbr>document/<wbr>document.jsf?text=&amp;docid=280623&amp;pageIndex=0&amp;doclang=EN&amp;mode=lst&amp;dir=&amp;occ=first&amp;part=1&amp;cid=1066847.</a></p>
<p id=x025 class=summary>Georg shared that the Norwegian authority working on digitisation, context was Health regulation and need of semantics for describing licenses and consent.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t05>AI vocabulary</h3>
<p id=x027 class=summary>Delaram has raised the question about how we should create/place this work within the DPVCG. The consensus is that &quot;AI&quot; vocabulary be an extension of the Tech vocabulary, and then there will be a separate extension of the AI Act that reuses these concepts, similar to how GDPR is an extension of the core DPV concepts. </p>
<p id=x028 class=summary>Question on how to manage 'risks of AI' e.g. a separate extension for these? To be discussed based on necessity. In either case, we will need to refine and provide a general risk vocabulary.</p>
<p id=x029 class=summary>Georg has asked how are different assessments going to be managed? E.g. DPIA, AI risk assessment, transfer impact assessment, Legitimate interest assessment. For this the group can think about using DPV to identify common concepts and provide a common framework/language that applies DPV for 'common/shared' assessments.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t06>Updates and Interests</h3>
<h4 id=t07>DPV and ODRL</h4>
<p id=x032 class=summary>Beatriz, who is involved in both groups, has informed that there is a priority in establishing a connection with ODRL, and that Renato (ODRL editor) is looking into DPV - so there might be use-cases and questions. Ruben (IMEC/Solid) is also looking into DPV in terms of Solid road map and Flanders use-case. </p>
<p id=x033 class=summary>Beatriz has shared a paper on consent in Solid <a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2024Jan/0003.html">https://<wbr>lists.w3.org/<wbr>Archives/<wbr>Public/<wbr>public-dpvcg/<wbr>2024Jan/<wbr>0003.html</a></p>
<p id=x034 class=summary>Beatriz has shared a CFP for Solid, which can include use of DPV there <a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2024Jan/0002.html">https://<wbr>lists.w3.org/<wbr>Archives/<wbr>Public/<wbr>public-dpvcg/<wbr>2024Jan/<wbr>0002.html</a></p>
<p id=x035 class=summary>Beatriz will be helping out in management of DPV.</p>
<h4 id=t08>DPIA and AI</h4>
<p id=x037 class=summary>Tytti mentioned she is writing a paper for FAccT on DPIAs and how the guidelines are across different authorities and how it relates to high-risk AI systems</p>
<h4 id=t09>ROPA and Privacy Notice</h4>
<p id=x039 class=summary>Paul mentioned he is working on a processing specification for ROPA vs Privacy Notice - checking both are consistent, Data Processing Agreements. His research with DPOs shows that this is needed.</p>
<p id=x040 class=summary>Guidance</p>
<p id=x041 class=summary>Georg mentioned that we should set up for each regulation an index whether DPV will be supporting them, and whether there is scope for or whether we want to provide/use as use-cases that DPV will provide guidance for e.g. Controller-Controller, Controller-Processor.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t10>Next Meeting</h3>
<p id=x043 class=summary>Next meeting will be in 1 week, on WED JAN-17 15:00 WET / 16:00 CET.</p>
</section>
</main>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 217 (Fri Apr  7 17:23:01 2023 UTC).</address>

</body>
</html>
