<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>DPVCG Meeting Call &ndash; 18 OCT 2023</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>DPVCG Meeting Call</h1>
<h2>18 OCT 2023</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/3228df35-afc8-4125-be1d-219c5cfd3aff/20231018T150000/"><img alt="Agenda." title="Agenda" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/chronometer.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>delaram, georg, harsh, paul, tytti</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>-</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t01">DPV-Tech</a></li>
<li><a href="#t02">GitHub discussions</a>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t03">Serialisation</a></li>
<li><a href="#t04">Domain/Range expression</a></li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><a href="#t05">Updating concepts for non-personal data</a></li>
<li><a href="#t06">Updates to documentation</a></li>
<li><a href="#t07">Categories of Data Subjects</a></li>
<li><a href="#t08">Automation and Human Involvement</a></li>
<li><a href="#t09">Discussed without updates</a></li>
<li><a href="#t10">Next Meeting</a></li>
<li class=app><a href="#ActionSummary">Summary of action items</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section><p id=x007 class=summary>Meeting minutes: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings</a></p>
<p id=x008 class=summary>purl for this meeting: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-10-18">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings/<wbr>meeting-2023-10-18</a></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t01>DPV-Tech</h3>
<p id=x010 class="phone s01"><cite>georg:</cite> Signatu is developing measures from NIS2 and DORA, which we want to represent using DPV. This includes representing &quot;suppliers&quot; providing &quot;technology&quot; which has specific &quot;TOMs&quot;.</p>
<p id=x011 class="phone s02"><cite>harsh:</cite> this seems relevant to procurement of technology which delaram is looking into</p>
<p id=x012 class="phone s03"><cite>delaram:</cite> in addition to information, for AI the Users (AI Act entity) also need technical information and risk assessments to be shared with the technology</p>
<p id=x013 class="phone s02"><cite>harsh:</cite> we can generalise these requirements as concepts applicable for technology e.g. documentation, instruction of use - which can be added to the TECH extension</p>
<p id=x014 class=summary> group agrees that this would be an useful addition</p>
<p id=a01 class=action><strong>ACTION:</strong> georg to share example of cloud technologies that Signatu wishes to model and the NIS2/DORA security requirements</p>
<p id=a02 class=action><strong>ACTION:</strong> delaram to share concepts for what information is to be provided with the technology</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t02>GitHub discussions</h3>
<h4 id=t03>Serialisation</h4>
<p id=x019 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/118">Issue 118</a></strong> Keep alt serialisations in the same folder (by coolharsh55)</p>
<p id=x020 class=summary> There has been an ongoing discussion on GitHub regarding serialisation of DPV and how to serve the specific files and what filenames to use (technical discussion). FYI. This relates to keeping alternate serialisations in the same folder instead of having duplicates (e.g. RDFS+SKOS and OWL)</p>
<h4 id=t04>Domain/Range expression</h4>
<p id=x022 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/119">Issue 119</a></strong> Use dcam:domainIncludes and dcam:rangeIncludes (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [question]</p>
<p id=x023 class=summary> Discussion on GitHub regarding use of <code>dcam:domainIncludes</code> and <code>dcam:rangeIncludes</code> to provide guidance on which concepts the properties can be used with. Suggestion to also include <code>schema:domainIncludes</code> and <code>schema:rangeIncludes</code> as commonly known semantics.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t05>Updating concepts for non-personal data</h3>
<p id=x025 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99">Issue 99</a></strong> Proposal to change DPV scope to include Non-Personal Data (by coolharsh55) </p>
<p id=x026 class="phone s02"><cite>harsh:</cite> In preparation for expanding the scope of DPV to include or allow use with non-personal data, we need to change the definitions and descriptions of concepts to say &quot;data&quot; instead of &quot;personal data&quot;. Volunteers for this are needed.</p>
<p id=a03 class=action><strong>ACTION:</strong> georg and paul to go through the spreadsheet for non-personal data changes required</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t06>Updates to documentation</h3>
<p id=x029 class="phone s02"><cite>harsh:</cite> working on updating the repo structure and the way documentation is generated, have live version at <a href="https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/">https://<wbr>harshp.com/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>dpv/</a></p>
<p id=x030 class="phone s02"><cite>harsh:</cite> documentation is structured to be less dense - where a list of concepts is shown in the section instead of full tables to provide convenience. There is a full table of concepts at the end where definitions link to.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t07>Categories of Data Subjects</h3>
<p id=x032 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/116">Issue 116</a></strong>  Add Intended and Active Data Subject categories (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [question]</p>
<p id=x033 class=summary> the group discussed the usefulness of concepts and that there are lots of possibilities for modelling entities and their specific aspects</p>
<p id=x034 class=summary> the group agreed that it would be better to provide specific modelling of <code>Active Data Subject</code> in addition to any contextual <code>ActiveInvolvement</code></p>
<p id=x035 class=summary> the group agrees that providing <code>isDeterminedBy</code> would be useful</p>
<p id=x036 class=summary> the group discussed <code>Expected/Unexpected</code> and considers the possible confusion arising out of this - so for now will keep this as a proposal</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t08>Automation and Human Involvement</h3>
<p id=x038 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/108">Issue 108</a></strong>  Revise Automation and HumanInvolvement concepts (by coolharsh55)</p>
<p id=x039 class="phone s03"><cite>delaram:</cite> confusion between concepts related to automation - unclear what <code>AssistiveAutomation</code> and <code>PartialAutomation</code> have as differences. </p>
<p id=x040 class="phone s02"><cite>harsh:</cite> since these are ISO defined terms, we have to find suitable interpretations to keep them in the same structure, but yes we would need to resolve the confusion here</p>
<p id=x041 class="phone s03"><cite>delaram:</cite> human involvement has differences from subjects and the concepts in the ISO document</p>
<p id=x042 class="phone s02"><cite>harsh:</cite> yes, the human involvement concepts are a mixed set from different sources e.g. 22989, AI principles documents, existing DPV concepts</p>
<p id=x043 class="phone s03"><cite>delaram:</cite> human in the loop and other concepts are non-normative</p>
<p id=x044 class="phone s02"><cite>harsh:</cite> there are too many diverging uses of these with no consensus, so the proposed concepts are broadly categorised as in the loop (involved) with specific types of involvements or out of the loop (not involved)</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t09>Discussed without updates</h3>
<p id=x046 class=summary> Implementing 27560 using DPV</p>
<p id=x047 class=summary> Modelling information on legal bases other than consent</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t10>Next Meeting</h3>
<p id=x049 class="phone s02"><cite>harsh:</cite> The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED OCT-25 15:00 WEST / 16:00 CEST. Agenda includes discussions on: 1) Active/Passive etc. concepts ; 2) Automation and Human Involvement concepts ; 3) AOB.</p>
</section>
</main>

<div id=ActionSummary>
<h2>Summary of action items</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#a01">georg to share example of cloud technologies that Signatu wishes to model and the NIS2/DORA security requirements</a></li>
<li><a href="#a02">delaram to share concepts for what information is to be provided with the technology</a></li>
<li><a href="#a03">georg and paul to go through the spreadsheet for non-personal data changes required</a></li>
</ol>
</div>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 217 (Fri Apr  7 17:23:01 2023 UTC).</address>

</body>
</html>
