<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>DPVCG Meeting Call &ndash; 08 NOV 2023</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>DPVCG Meeting Call</h1>
<h2>08 NOV 2023</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/3228df35-afc8-4125-be1d-219c5cfd3aff/20231108T150000/"><img alt="Agenda." title="Agenda" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/chronometer.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>delaram, georg, harsh, paul, tytti</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>-</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t01">Updating concepts for non-personal data</a></li>
<li><a href="#t02">DPV Maintainence</a></li>
<li><a href="#t03">Automation &amp; Human Involvement</a></li>
<li><a href="#t04">Data subjects categorisation</a></li>
<li><a href="#t05">Process new concept</a></li>
<li><a href="#t06">Next Meeting</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section><p id=x007 class=summary>Meeting minutes: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings</a></p>
<p id=x008 class=summary>purl for this meeting: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-11-08">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings/<wbr>meeting-2023-11-08</a></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t01>Updating concepts for non-personal data</h3>
<p id=x010 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99">Issue 99</a></strong> Proposal to change DPV scope to include Non-Personal Data (by coolharsh55) </p>
<p id=x011 class=summary>tytti has updated the spreadsheet descriptions for concepts identified by georg as containing personal data. Accepted changes are as follows:</p>
<p id=x012 class=summary>Entities - <code>Recipient</code>. Question about <code>ThirdParty</code> - should this be changed to be generic data recipient? GDPR defines Third Party specifically regarding personal data in Art.4-10, but we can broaden it for Data in general.</p>
<p id=x013 class=summary>Rights - <code>dcat:Resource</code> should be useful for any data.</p>
<p id=x014 class=summary>Purpose - <code>Purpose</code>, <code>Processing</code>, <code>StorageDuration</code> should be useful for any data.</p>
<p id=x015 class=summary>Legal Basis - <code>LegalBasis</code> should be split for personlal data with the existing concepts as <code>LegalBasisPersonalData</code> and new concept <code>LegalBasisNonPersonalData</code> for non-personal data processing.</p>
<p id=x016 class=summary><code>DataProcessingAgreement</code> can cover both personal and non-personal data. Similarly, <code>DataProcessingRecord</code> is also generic.</p>
<p id=x017 class=summary><code>Data</code> has subtypes which can be applied to any data and not just personal data. They are <code>CollectedData</code>, <code>DerivedData</code>, <code>InferredData</code>, <code>GeneratedData</code>, and <code>ObservedData</code>. These should not be limited to personal data - which they currently are.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t02>DPV Maintainence</h3>
<p id=x019 class=summary>Call for volunteers. See <a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg//2023Nov/0010.html">https://<wbr>lists.w3.org/<wbr>Archives/<wbr>Public/<wbr>public-dpvcg//<wbr>2023Nov/<wbr>0010.html</a></p>
<p id=x020 class=summary>see live version at <a href="https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/">https://<wbr>harshp.com/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>dpv/</a></p>
<p id=x021 class=summary>see email by harsh <a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Nov/0000.html">https://<wbr>lists.w3.org/<wbr>Archives/<wbr>Public/<wbr>public-dpvcg/<wbr>2023Nov/<wbr>0000.html</a></p>
<p id=x022 class=summary> discussed and attendees find the change agreeable</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t03>Automation &amp; Human Involvement</h3>
<p id=x024 class=irc><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/108">Issue 108 Revise Automation and HumanInvolvement concepts (by coolharsh55)</a></p>
<p id=x025 class=summary>Automation concepts - discussed and accepted as they are based on ISO terminology which represents a global standard.</p>
<p id=x026 class=summary>Human In/Out of Loop - discussed and agreed that these terms are confusing due to their varying interpretations. Agreed to rename these with explicit interpretations as <code>HumanInvolved</code> and <code>HumanUninvolved</code>.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t04>Data subjects categorisation</h3>
<p id=x028 class=irc><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/116">Issue 116 Add Intended and Active Data Subject categories (by coolharsh55)</a></p>
<p id=x029 class=summary>Discussed and agreed to have data subject categories based on Intended/Unintended, Active/Passive, and Informed/Uninformed as they are useful. For others, to discuss proposals and resolve later.</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t05>Process new concept</h3>
<p id=x031 class=summary><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/121">Issue 121  dpv:Process as a superclass of dpv:PersonalDataHandling to describe any data processing (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [question]</a></p>
<p id=x032 class=summary>group agrees to the proposal</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t06>Next Meeting</h3>
<p id=x034 class=summary>The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED NOV-15 15:00 WET / 16:00 CET. </p>
</section>
</main>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 217 (Fri Apr  7 17:23:01 2023 UTC).</address>

</body>
</html>
