16:57:42 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
16:57:47 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2023/08/31-dpvcg-irc
16:57:53 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
16:58:00 <harsh> repo: w3c/dpv
16:58:01 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
16:58:03 <harsh> Chair: harsh
16:58:09 <harsh> Date: 31 AUG 2023
16:58:20 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/61afa171-0198-42f1-b493-65e954430e65/20230907T140000/
16:58:37 <harsh> Present: harsh, georg, beatriz, tyttiRintamaki
16:58:48 <harsh> Regrets: paul
16:59:16 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/bb8bebec-928a-4095-9722-0c38de7db2f0/20230831T140000/
16:59:35 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
16:59:35 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-08-31
16:59:35 <harsh> Topic: Include Non-Personal Data
16:59:39 <harsh> see #99
16:59:39 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99 -> Issue 99 Proposal to change DPV scope to include Non-Personal Data (by coolharsh55) [scope] [concepts] [question]
17:00:58 <harsh> Based on the responses so far, we have no objections and there are no pending discussions on this matter.
17:02:14 <harsh> Therefore, speculatively, we presume this has been accepted. There will be a 1 month window (deadline SEP-30) to implement this during which time any objections or issues raised will be taken into consideration. After this, changes will go live and it will not be possible to revert.
17:02:42 <harsh> An email to this effect will be sent to the mailing list, and relevant text added to the README on GitHub to bring this to people's attention.
17:03:48 <harsh> Note #99 this proposal has been tentatively accepted, with the expectation to go live by SEP-30. Objections and issues can still be raised until then, otherwise the change will go live. Editing taxonomies to include this scope change will commence from SEP-01.
17:03:50 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99#issuecomment-1701427541
17:05:00 <harsh> Topic: Reorganise DPV repo
17:05:03 <harsh> see #107
17:05:04 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/107 -> Issue 107 Restructure repo layout (by coolharsh55) [documentation] [question]
17:05:57 <harsh> Along with scope change to include non-personal data, this proposal also has been tentatively accepted based on feedback (or lack of objections). It is scheduled to go live by SEP-30, and issues can be raised until that point.
17:06:36 <harsh> The namespaces for the new structure will be created to reflect the hierarchy, and a separate issue/discussion for this will be created. Existing namespaces will continue to work, and will be redirected to the new namespaces.
17:07:27 <harsh> note #107 this has been tentatively accepted in today's meeting (see https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-08-31), and will go live by SEP-30. Issues can be raised until then.
17:07:29 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/107#issuecomment-1701433107
17:07:40 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
17:08:13 <harsh> We will meet again in 2 weeks on 14th September 14:00 WEST / 15:00 CEST.
17:08:32 <harsh> The two major changes above will be on the agenda, as well as any other topics on the mailing list.
17:08:43 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
17:08:44 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2023/08/31-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
17:08:47 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
17:08:58 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
17:08:58 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
