20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harsh, tytti, paul
20:09:23 <harsh> Regrets: georg
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 01 NOV 2023
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/3228df35-afc8-4125-be1d-219c5cfd3aff/20231101T150000/
20:09:57 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-11-01
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Updates to documentation
20:10:04 <harsh> see live version at https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/
20:09:23 <harsh> see email by harsh https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Nov/0000.html
20:09:23 <harsh>  discussed and attendees find the change agreeable
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Updating concepts for non-personal data
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99 -> Issue 99 Proposal to change DPV scope to include Non-Personal Data (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> georg has highlighted fields where "personal data" occurs within the description of the concept
20:09:23 <harsh> attendees discussed each concept - verbally agreeing changes and discarding some suggestions (e.g. Data Subject, Data Controller) as they defined specifically for being associated with personal data and DPVCG's scope is personal data
20:10:04 <harsh> tytti has agreed to review the highlighted fields and address changes as discussed in today's meeting, and paul will also go through the spreadsheet to see what other fields require changes
20:10:04 <harsh> ACTION: tytti and paul to go through the spreadsheet for non-personal data changes required
20:09:23 <harsh> Topic: Process new concept
20:09:23 <harsh> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/121 -> Issue 121  dpv:Process as a superclass of dpv:PersonalDataHandling to describe any data processing (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [question]
20:09:23 <harsh> harsh proposes that `Process` be added as a new concept, superclass of `PersonalDataHandling` to indicate activities which can contain personal as well as non-personal data
20:09:23 <harsh> group agrees to the proposal, but highlights that not sufficient members are present to make a final decision
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Discussed without updates
20:10:04 <harsh> Active/Passive Data subjects and other concepts
20:17:01 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
20:17:01 <harsh> The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED NOV-08 15:00 WET / 16:00 CET. Agenda includes discussions on: 1) Active/Passive etc. concepts ; 2) Automation and Human Involvement concepts ; 3) Updating DPV for non-personal data ; 4) Documentation updates ; 5) 27560 updates ; 6) AOB.