14:00:17 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
14:00:17 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/09/03-dpvcg-irc
14:00:30 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
14:00:59 <axelpolleres> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Sep/0000.html
14:01:46 <axelpolleres> present+
14:02:17 <elmar> elmar has joined #dpvcg
14:02:51 <axelpolleres> present: elmar, harsh, bud
14:03:03 <axelpolleres> present: fajar
14:04:24 <axelpolleres> James, are you new in the group?
14:04:35 <Fajar> Fajar has joined #dpvcg
14:04:42 <axelpolleres> if so, do you know how to join the call?
14:05:09 <axelpolleres> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Sep/0000.html
14:05:35 <harsh> scribe: harsh
14:05:41 <axelpolleres> scribe: harsh
14:06:44 <Bud> Bud has joined #dpvcg
14:07:02 <harsh> axelpolleres: last calls was scheduled for 6th Aug, but no one attended, so there were no minutes recorded
14:08:25 <harsh> Last meeting call was 18th June
14:08:46 <axelpolleres> PROPOSED: approve minutes from https://www.w3.org/2019/06/18-dpvcg-minutes
14:08:50 <harsh> +1
14:08:56 <Bud_> Bud_ has joined #dpvcg
14:09:01 <axelpolleres> +1
14:09:14 <axelpolleres> all other questions prior to publication have been resolved per email.
14:09:34 <axelpolleres> RESOLVED: approve minutes from https://www.w3.org/2019/06/18-dpvcg-minutes
14:10:14 <axelpolleres> topic:  how to proceed to the next version of the spec?
14:10:38 <harsh> axelpolleres: progress so far - we advertised the spec via mailing lists, events, etc.
14:10:49 <axelpolleres> did we send the spec for feedback to the mydata last?
14:10:59 <harsh> elmar: (going to My Data)
14:11:09 <axelpolleres> ACTION: elmar to advertise DPVCG at mydata and send it to the mydata global list.
14:11:09 <trackbot> Created ACTION-123 - Advertise dpvcg at mydata and send it to the mydata global list. [on Elmar Kiesling - due 2019-09-10].
14:11:50 <harsh> elmar: My Data is 25-27 September in Helsinki
14:13:43 <harsh> elmar: (discussion sessions in My Data and which would be suitable for presenting DPV)
14:15:22 <axelpolleres> Elmar: involved in Mydata in two sessions. will contact Sille and others from Mydata.
14:15:23 <elmar> harsh has some slides on the vocabulary that he can share
14:15:30 <harsh> axelpolleres: can we reuse slides for ODBASE ?
14:16:12 <elmar> elmar to Look for an open space in the myData program to advertise the vocabulary
14:16:16 <axelpolleres> axel: maybe check whether they have an openspace agein?
14:16:25 <elmar> ACTION: elmar to Look for an open space in the myData program to advertise the vocabulary
14:16:25 <trackbot> Created ACTION-124 - Look for an open space in the mydata program to advertise the vocabulary [on Elmar Kiesling - due 2019-09-10].
14:16:36 <harsh> fajar: we can also present something at SEMANTiCS
14:16:41 <axelpolleres> Harsh and Fajar will be going to SEMANTiCS...
14:16:49 <harsh> axelpolleres: who is going? (ans: Sabrina, Fajar, Harsh)
14:18:18 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Harsh/Fajar to advertise at SEMANTiCS.
14:18:18 <trackbot> Error finding 'Harsh/Fajar'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
14:18:41 <elmar> ACTION: fajar to advertise at SEMANTiCS.
14:18:41 <trackbot> Created ACTION-125 - Advertise at semantics. [on Fajar Ekaputra - due 2019-09-10].
14:19:21 <axelpolleres> any other channels?
14:19:42 <harsh> fajar: semantic web mailing list? (axel already announced it, not much response)
14:19:54 <axelpolleres> Axel snet an [ANN] mail to w3c sw-list
14:20:10 <axelpolleres> another mail would only make sense on the next version.
14:20:25 <axelpolleres> Bert, are you there?
14:20:27 <elmar> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/
14:21:06 <harsh> elmar: update details on homepage
14:21:10 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Axel ask bert to update the CGWebpage to advertise the drafts more prominently.
14:21:11 <trackbot> Created ACTION-126 - Ask bert to update the cgwebpage to advertise the drafts more prominently. [on Axel Polleres - due 2019-09-10].
14:21:51 <harsh> axelpolleres: should we get back to regular meeting calls on biweekly schedule?
14:22:11 <Bert> Hi axelpolleres. Yes, I'm here, but I need to finish some important work. :-( Sorry, should have sent some email.
14:22:22 <axelpolleres> PROPOSED: get back to usual  biweekly telco schedule until end of the year, or until we're finished, what happens earlier.
14:22:25 <harsh> +1
14:22:29 <axelpolleres> +1
14:22:34 <harsh> (everyeone agrees on call)
14:22:35 <Fajar> +1
14:22:38 <elmar> +1
14:22:44 <axelpolleres> RESOLVED: get back to usual  biweekly telco schedule until end of the year, or until we're finished, what happens earlier.
14:23:04 <axelpolleres> --> this means we stick for now with Tue 16:00 central Europe time...
14:23:58 <axelpolleres> harsh: none of the feedback has been incorporated yet.
14:24:03 <axelpolleres> axel: what do we have?
14:24:18 <harsh> 1) Martin's reviews on the paper, which can be incorporated into the spec
14:24:28 <axelpolleres>  - martin's review on the paper/spec
14:24:55 <harsh> 2) diff between paper and text in spec to see what has changed, and update accordingly
14:25:07 <axelpolleres> - paragraph additional text from the paper at ODBASE that might also help the spec
14:26:25 <harsh> We also had this feedback regarding correcting datatypes in spec - https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Jul/0029.html
14:26:55 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Axel to ask simon steyskal are your comments still open on the spec
14:26:56 <trackbot> Created ACTION-127 - Ask simon steyskal are your comments still open on the spec [on Axel Polleres - due 2019-09-10].
14:26:59 <harsh> axelpolleres: we also had some comments from Simon in July
14:27:48 <harsh> fajar: keep an online list to collect all inputs to see whether they have been addressed
14:27:55 <axelpolleres> ACTION: fajar, will try to recollect all the inputs and (not-)addressed issues in the spec.
14:27:55 <trackbot> Error finding 'fajar,'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
14:28:10 <elmar> ACTION: fajar will try to recollect all the inputs and (not-)addressed issues in the spec.
14:28:11 <trackbot> Created ACTION-128 - Will try to recollect all the inputs and (not-)addressed issues in the spec. [on Fajar Ekaputra - due 2019-09-10].
14:28:45 <axelpolleres> Axel: use the issues tracker on W3C.
14:28:46 <harsh> axelpolleres: for each set of open comments or feedback, we should create an issue and track progress using that (W3C tracker)
14:28:48 <elmar> Should still use the issue tracker, but the Google Sheet would provide an overview
14:30:52 <axelpolleres> fajar will prepare the open things in a way that we can discuss them and discuss it with Harsh at SEMANTiCS... if HArsh and Fajar can send around a list at semantics to send around, we havee another week to have replies coming in on the mailinglist.
14:31:52 <axelpolleres> optimistically, by 1 but next telco (i.e. in a month) we can vote for resolutions of all open issues.
14:32:31 <axelpolleres> unless new issues/comments we could then have them incorporated, start internal reviewing mid october
14:33:34 <axelpolleres> internal reviews by end october in, incorporated/voted to publish by mid Nov?
14:33:40 <harsh> +1
14:34:08 <Fajar> +1
14:34:11 <axelpolleres> goal publish before end November.
14:34:14 <elmar> +1
14:34:19 <Bud_> +1
14:35:02 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Axel to check in the next telcos, whethrer we're on track for that timplan.
14:35:02 <trackbot> Created ACTION-129 - Check in the next telcos, whethrer we're on track for that timplan. [on Axel Polleres - due 2019-09-10].
14:36:06 <harsh> axelpolleres: for use-cases and examples, we could use an existing use-case from a project and document dpv application to that
14:36:34 <harsh> axelpolleres: anyone willing to document one of the SPECIAL use-cases using the DPV?
14:36:52 <harsh> elmar: anyone still working with the project partners?
14:37:05 <harsh> bud: is this an use-case that covers everything or only one aspect e.g. legal base
14:37:48 <harsh> bud: I can work with Eva to have an use-case on a limited scenario
14:38:28 <axelpolleres> Action: bud to discuss with eva to start a use case document?
14:38:29 <trackbot> Created ACTION-130 - Discuss with eva to start a use case document? [on Bud P. Bruegger - due 2019-09-10].
14:39:05 <axelpolleres> would particularly involve picking a use case.
14:40:24 <axelpolleres> topicc: action list
14:40:29 <axelpolleres> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/open
14:40:45 <axelpolleres> CLOSE ACTION-116
14:40:45 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-116.
14:40:50 <axelpolleres> CLOSE ACTION-118
14:40:50 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-118.
14:40:52 <axelpolleres> CLOSE ACTION-119
14:40:52 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-119.
14:41:23 <Fajar> Link to the compiled issues: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fRtIy1Cmh6RpWrCB7Cs6XZn504pJqIMAeJ2BhoZsdvs/edit?usp=sharing
14:41:37 <Bud> Bud has joined #dpvcg
14:42:20 <harsh> harsh: to talk to Mark about ACTION-87 and ACTION-114 regarding relevance, progress, or whether they should be closed
14:42:39 <axelpolleres> Axel: Ithink ACTION-114 and ACTION-87 were referring to Mark's reservation on relying to NACE alone in the spec. HE should be asked whether he wants to further address that before we close them.
14:43:25 <axelpolleres> close ACTION-81
14:43:25 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-81.
14:44:10 <harsh> ACTION-36 to leave open until close of ACTION-130 as it relates to use-case
14:44:19 <axelpolleres> leave open closing of ACTION-36 until closing of ACTION-130
14:44:29 <axelpolleres> ACTION-36: leave open closing of ACTION-36 until closing of ACTION-130
14:44:29 <trackbot> Notes added to ACTION-36 Add points 1.-6. from https://lists.w3.org/archives/public/public-dpvcg/2018nov/0000.html to https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/special/proximus_use_case.
14:45:16 <harsh> ACTION-87: talk to Mark about regarding relevance, progress, or whether they should be closed
14:45:16 <trackbot> Notes added to ACTION-87 Make a proposal alternatively use gics instead of nace..
14:45:28 <harsh> ACTION-114: talk to Mark about regarding relevance, progress, or whether they should be closed
14:45:28 <trackbot> Notes added to ACTION-114 Make a concrete proposal along specification of data controller categories by sector in the spec..
14:45:35 <axelpolleres> ACTION-11: Axel will close it after having talked to Simon.
14:45:35 <trackbot> Notes added to ACTION-11 Reach out to industrial data spaces project (germany) and another austrian big data project (dma)..
14:46:00 <axelpolleres> topic: AOB
14:47:25 <harsh> nothing else (on call)
14:47:37 <axelpolleres> adjourned and talk in two weeks ... seems you couldn't hear me anymore, I can hear you
14:47:43 <axelpolleres> THanks!
14:47:56 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, make logs worls visible
14:48:08 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, make logs world visible
14:48:22 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, draft public minutes
14:48:22 <RRSAgent> I'm logging. I don't understand 'draft public minutes', axelpolleres.  Try /msg RRSAgent help
14:48:40 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes
14:48:40 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/09/03-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:49:15 <axelpolleres> hehe, I always keep on forgetting the command ;-)
14:49:55 <harsh> I googled it ;)
16:08:43 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
