11:59:42 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
11:59:42 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/09/01-dpvcg-irc
11:59:45 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
11:59:48 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
11:59:52 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:00:13 <harsh> Date: 01 SEP 2021
12:00:40 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Aug/0009.html
12:02:46 <harsh> Present: harsh, paulR, beatrizE, georgK, davidH
12:03:07 <harsh> Topic: Expanding Purpose taxonomy
12:03:12 <harsh> previous minutes - https://www.w3.org/2021/08/25-dpvcg-minutes.html
12:03:19 <harsh> spreadsheet - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11bjy424zwC_j4bj9pnhmmI8o7RgrJfX4NgsZ31iR3Wo/edit#gid=136191586
12:07:58 <harsh> term Communication
12:08:18 <harsh> harsh: better phrased as correspondence? e.g. email to send some information
12:14:34 <harsh> discussion on being a standalone purpose, ambiguity
12:14:58 <harsh> davidH: communicate would be part of other purpose most of the times, e.g. communicate for service provision or delivery
12:15:44 <harsh> georgK: communication is clearer than correspondence, e.g. to specify chats on a website
12:19:57 <harsh> consensus on communication as a term, with added caveat or warning specifying that this term is usually combined with other purpose to make it specific what the communication is about or for
12:20:07 <harsh> term HumanResources
12:20:21 <harsh> paulR: should this be HumanResourceManagement
12:21:59 <harsh> davidH: does HR contain employment, hiring? (ans: yes)
12:23:29 <harsh> subclasses of HR are apparent in its description, e.g. payroll
12:24:27 <harsh> davidH: we keep the top-level term and remove subclasses
12:24:43 <harsh> we later focus on HR as a purpose to expand the taxonomy
12:24:55 <harsh> consensus on this action
12:25:12 <harsh> davidH: employees as a data subject category has a lot of considerations, which would be related to this, so better for later discussion
12:26:31 <harsh> term VendorManagement
12:28:10 <harsh> term occurs as is (exact) in Belgian ROPA template
12:30:39 <harsh> davidH: if subclasses are comprehensive, similar to HR, e.g. vendor procurement
12:35:43 <harsh> discussion on whether we can limit term to the top concept of VendorManagement
12:36:55 <harsh> davidH: new term VendorSelectionAssessment
12:37:10 <harsh> consensus on VendorManagement and subclassess
12:41:07 <harsh> term PublicRelations
12:41:16 <harsh> harsh: if this is a part of Marketing
12:42:30 <harsh> consensus on PublicRelations being under Marketing
12:42:36 <harsh> term OrganisationGovernance
12:43:03 <harsh> beatrizE: HR can be subclass of OrganisationGovernance
12:43:45 <harsh> paulR: several other concepts can go under governance, e.g. marketing; but this concept relates to purposes of running or functioning of the organisation
12:44:32 <harsh> davidH: does LegalCompliance fall under governance (ans: no, it can be for individual)
12:46:52 <harsh> davidH: new term CorporateRiskManagement, where does KYC fall (Legal Compliance?)
12:51:24 <harsh> harsh: Are there two concepts here, OrganisationComplianceManagement and OrganisationRiskManagement
12:57:27 <harsh> term MemberManagement also exists in Belgian ROPA related to members e.g. of a club. But complex to include under OrganisationGovernance because members may not be 'part' of organisation, merely affiliated
12:58:21 <harsh> georgK: Art.9-1d has specific mention of 'members'
13:06:08 <harsh> davidH: we can substitute 'Shareholder' with 'Member' to have 'MemberPartnerManagement'
13:06:11 <harsh> consensus on term
13:06:46 <harsh> Topic: Presentation by Piero on TRAPEZE SEP-15
13:06:53 <harsh> Will share title,description in coming week
13:06:56 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
13:07:09 <harsh> Next week, SEP-08 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST
13:07:15 <harsh> Agenda:
13:07:28 <harsh> wrap up any purpose concepts left to resolve
13:07:34 <harsh> David's Data Transfer concepts
13:07:41 <harsh> Other proposed concepts AOB
13:07:47 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:07:47 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, paulR, beatrizE, georgK, davidH
13:07:47 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:07:52 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
13:07:52 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/09/01-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:07:56 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
13:09:26 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
13:09:26 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
