19:14:16 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
19:14:20 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2023/08/24-dpvcg-irc
19:14:21 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
19:14:24 <harsh> repo: w3c/dpv
19:14:24 <ghurlbot> OK.
19:14:28 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
19:14:30 <harsh> Chair: harsh
19:14:37 <harsh> Present: georg, harsh, delaram, paul, beatriz
19:14:44 <harsh> Date: 24 AUG 2023
19:15:41 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/bb8bebec-928a-4095-9722-0c38de7db2f0/20230824T140000/
19:15:46 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
19:15:53 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-08-24
19:16:13 <harsh> Topic: Risk Assessment
19:16:27 <harsh> see #104
19:16:27 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/104 -> Issue 104 Re-evaluate Risk Assessment concepts (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [application] [help-wanted]
19:16:54 <harsh> Concepts for risk assessment are accepted.
19:17:25 <harsh> For indicating potential consequences arising from an incident, `Risk` should be used (for all potential events). So it would be the potential risk of those consequences.
19:18:06 <harsh> Concepts for Risk Management are to be developed and proposed by incorporating accepted risk assessment concepts. See #74.
19:18:07 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/74 -> Issue 74 Add Risk Management concepts from ISO 31000 series (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [help-wanted]
19:18:56 <harsh> Note #104 risk assessment concepts have been accepted and will be added to risk extension in the next update.
19:18:58 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/104#issuecomment-1692275754
19:19:37 <harsh> Topic: Data Breach / Incidents
19:19:44 <harsh> see #103
19:19:45 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/103 -> Issue 103 Guide for Data Breach (by coolharsh55) [documentation] [concepts] [todo] [application]
19:20:01 <harsh> For the Data Breach and Incident guide, the accepted risk assessment concepts are to be used to update the content and examples.
19:20:22 <harsh> georg and paul have given the okay for the guide and concepts (pending review item on agenda)
19:20:53 <harsh> Note #103 the concepts in #104 have been accepted, this guide should be updated by incorporating those
19:20:55 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/103#issuecomment-1692278124
19:21:44 <harsh> Topic: DGA extension
19:21:55 <harsh> see #62
19:21:55 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/62 -> Issue 62 Add DGA concepts (by besteves4) [scope] [concepts] [review]
19:22:19 <harsh> The concepts have been proposed and reviewed by beatriz, georg, and harsh and are in a stable position to be considered for acceptance
19:23:00 <harsh> Of the concepts, some have been retained to be in the DGA extension, others have been added to various DPV extensions. These will be documented and integrated into their respective taxonomies.
19:23:36 <harsh> For the documentation and addition of these, a separate spreadsheet has been created. See #105 for documentation.
19:23:36 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/105 -> Issue 105 Generate documentation for proposed DGA concepts (by ghurlbot) [documentation] [todo]
19:24:04 <harsh> Note #62 concepts have been accepted in today's meeting, and are to be integrated into the DPV taxonomies
19:24:05 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/62#issuecomment-1692282516
19:24:40 <harsh> Note #105 Concepts in #62 have been accepted in today's meeting; the documentation should be generated based on those. For reference, link to the article preprint by Beatriz et al.
19:24:41 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/105#issuecomment-1692283225
19:24:53 <harsh> Topic: DPV v1.1
19:25:10 <harsh> Subtopic: Associating rights with legal basis
19:25:14 <harsh> See #49
19:25:15 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/49 -> Issue 49 Provide association and applicability between GDPR legal bases and rights (by coolharsh55) [documentation] [concepts] [todo] [help-wanted]
19:25:20 <harsh> Concepts have been accepted.
19:25:44 <harsh> Note #49 concepts have been accepted in today's meeting
19:25:45 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/49#issuecomment-1692284468
19:26:00 <harsh> Subtopic: resolving DPV-PD location
19:26:05 <harsh> See #73
19:26:05 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/73 -> Issue 73 Extend DPV-PD with missing Location concepts (by besteves4) [concepts] [review]
19:26:39 <harsh> Discussed and agreed the proposed concepts for location (e.g. street) should be accepted, and properties for each concept are not feasible to be considered and there currently not in scope
19:27:30 <harsh> Note #73 the location concepts in this issue (e.g. street) will be added to DPV-PD taxonomy, the group has agreed that developing properties for each PD concept is not feasible and in scope at this moment
19:27:31 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/73#issuecomment-1692286531
19:27:49 <harsh> Subtopic: Scoring as Decision
19:28:01 <harsh> See #87
19:28:02 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/87 -> Issue 87 Update concepts for Scoring and Decision to cover overlap (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [todo]
19:28:35 <harsh> The group agrees that these concepts would be useful (for GDPR), but require careful consideration of implications as not every Scoring is a Decision, and moreso an Automated Decision Making.
19:29:16 <harsh> Current modelling considers Scoring used in Decision to be a consideration for Automated Decision Making. Aim is to model these concepts (Scoring, Decision Making, Automated) and wait for CJEU decision before adding the implication to DPV-GDPR.
19:29:53 <harsh> Note #87 this was discussed in today's meeting with the conclusion that concepts to represent Scoring and Decision Making should be present in DPV, but to wait for the CJEU decision before adding the implication of Automation to DPV-GDPR
19:29:54 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/87#issuecomment-1692289706
19:30:06 <harsh> Subtopic: Modelling PII
19:30:13 <harsh> See #14
19:30:13 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/14 -> Issue 14 Indicating PII i.e. Personally Identifiable data category or categories in combination (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [question] [help-wanted]
19:30:23 <harsh> Concepts have been accepted
19:30:26 <harsh> Note #14 concepts have been accepted in today's meeting
19:30:27 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/14#issuecomment-1692290823
19:30:56 <harsh> Subtopic: Sensitivity of Data
19:30:58 <harsh> See #11
19:30:59 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/11 -> Issue 11 Express 'sensitivity' of data (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [question] [review]
19:31:47 <harsh> The group has discussed the modelling of sensitivity, and has agreed to add `DataSensitivityLevel` as a concept and its relation `hasDataSensitivity` to DPV since sensitivity is an industry practice.
19:32:04 <harsh> See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/compliance/assurance/assurance-data-classification-and-labels example from Microsoft
19:32:13 <harsh> See https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/sensitivity-risk-calculation example from Google
19:32:35 <harsh> Note #11 concepts have been accepted in today's meeting but to be modelled as `DataSensitivityLevel` and `hasDataSensitivity` relation
19:32:36 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/11#issuecomment-1692293400
19:32:44 <harsh> Subtopic: Assessment concepts
19:32:49 <harsh> See #96
19:32:49 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/96 -> Issue 96 Add assessment relations and concepts (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [todo]
19:32:56 <harsh> Group has accepted the assessment concepts
19:33:09 <harsh> georg would like to review whether all required assessments from GDPR have been covered
19:33:31 <harsh> Upon analysis by georg, relevant concepts will be added to DPV-GDPR based
19:33:39 <harsh> Note #96 concepts have been accepted in today's meeting
19:33:40 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/96#issuecomment-1692294686
19:33:50 <harsh> Subtopic: Alignment with EUVOC
19:34:24 <harsh> The decision to continue with DPV's modelling of location and jurisdictional concepts has been accepted in the interest of continued progress. If in the future we identify a better vocabulary or how to link with EUVOC, the existing work will incorporate these.
19:35:19 <harsh> For consideration, the proposed remodelling also affects this work by separating the locations and jurisdiction specific concepts into different extensions. Locations would be in one extension, and the legal concepts would be in their respective jurisdiction specific extension, e.g. GDPR authorities would be in GDPR, Irish authority would be in Irish extension and so on.
19:35:27 <harsh> See #46
19:35:27 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/46 -> Issue 46 Use/Align with EU location vocabularies (by coolharsh55) [documentation] [scope] [concepts] [todo]
19:36:02 <harsh> Note #46 the group agreed in today's meeting to continue with DPV's modelling of location
19:36:03 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/46#issuecomment-1692297850
19:36:13 <harsh> Subtopic: Establishment and Lead SA
19:36:19 <harsh> See #93
19:36:19 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/93 -> Issue 93 Representing Main Establishment and Lead SA as a concept (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [help-wanted]
19:36:32 <harsh> concepts have been accepted to be added to DPV-GDPR
19:36:40 <harsh> Note #93 concepts have been accepted in today's meeting and will be added to DPV-GDPR
19:36:41 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/93#issuecomment-1692298662
19:36:50 <harsh> Subtopic: Information Availability
19:36:54 <harsh> See #102
19:36:54 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/102 -> Issue 102 Add information availability concepts (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [review]
19:37:03 <harsh> group has discussed and accepted the proposed concepts
19:37:08 <harsh> Note #102 concepts have been accepted in today's meeting
19:37:09 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/102#issuecomment-1692299277
19:37:29 <harsh> Topic: Extend scope to Non-Personal Data
19:38:06 <harsh> The responses received so far (4 yes) indicate acceptance, but the number is low. No objections so far. This will likely be accepted, and will be discussed in the next meeting.
19:38:14 <harsh> See #99
19:38:15 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99 -> Issue 99 Proposal to change DPV scope to include Non-Personal Data (by coolharsh55) [scope] [concepts] [question]
19:38:30 <harsh> Note #99 the group discussed the responses received so far, and will summarise the decision in the next meeting
19:38:31 <ghurlbot> Added -> comment https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99#issuecomment-1692301043
19:38:57 <harsh> This will be taken up with the proposed reorganisation, see #107
19:38:59 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/107 -> Issue 107 Restructure repo layout (by coolharsh55) [documentation] [question]
19:39:13 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
19:39:35 <harsh> The next meeting will be in 1 week, on 31 AUG 14:00 WEST / 15:00 CEST
19:40:03 <harsh> Agenda will consist of non-resolved topics from current agenda, especially the Non-Personal Data and Re-organise issues.
19:40:15 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
19:40:16 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2023/08/24-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
19:40:18 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
19:40:23 <harsh> gb, bye
19:40:24 <ghurlbot> gb has left #dpvcg
20:02:06 <\join_subline> \join_subline has joined #dpvcg
