20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harsh, beatriz, tytti, delaram, paul, georg, mark
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 17 JAN 2024
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/31f00434-f01b-431d-a9d9-4ef690dd7c6d/20240117T150000/
20:09:57 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2024-01-17

20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Update DPV repo
20:10:04 <harsh> Group agrees to move the new content/layout to the github repo.
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Milestones for 2024
20:10:04 <harsh> SubTopic: DPV v2
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh wants to publish the next version of DPV (v2) by end of February. The content will be moved by end of Jan, and then reviewing and polishing it in Feb can give us the delivery by end of Feb.
20:10:04 <harsh> Group agrees to this milestone.
20:10:04 <harsh> Georg shared that he presented DPV to the "Data Village" in Norway and they were impressed with the work. They work with other vocabs like DCAT, SKOS already. They want to represent information about processing of personal data and combime them together for their use-cases.
20:10:04 <harsh> Beatriz and Harsh's paper in Semantic Web Journal can be of help here as it shows how the data can be tagged and DPV can help with regulations.
20:10:04 <harsh> SubTopic: AI and AI Act
20:10:04 <harsh> Delaram suggests a milestone of Feb end for the AI Act concepts, and for the AI Act extension based on the draft regulation.
20:10:04 <harsh> For the AI extension and Tech extension, we can have the draft and ideas on how to go about it and make a decision on by Feb 14th. This decision will include how the Tech extension is going to be work, and how/whether the AI extension and AI Act extension will extend the concepts.
20:10:04 <harsh> SubTopic: Rights Exercise
20:10:04 <harsh> Beatriz suggests a milestone of Jan end for the rights exercise concepts and work to be completed and integrated.
20:10:04 <harsh> SubTopic: DGA
20:10:04 <harsh> Revision of concepts and guidelines from DGA to be further expanded, work on using DCAT and ODRL. Beatriz suggests a milestone June or July.
20:10:04 <harsh> SubTopic: DPIA
20:10:04 <harsh> Tytti and Georg suggest March end as the milestone for this. Work includes adding DPIA related concepts for various jurisdictions under EU, conditions for when DPIA is required.
20:10:04 <harsh> SubTopic: DPIA and AI Risk Assessment
20:10:04 <harsh> Tytti, Delaram, and Georg suggest April end as the milestone for this work. This is following the AI Act work in Feb and DPIA work in March.
20:10:04 <harsh> SubTopic: Roles from Regulations
20:10:04 <harsh> Georg has suggested targeting roles from different regulations e.g. DGA, AI Act, DSA, DMA, NIS2, Data Act, Data Spaces. Delaram suggested using ISO 22989 AI terms for list of stakeholders. The roles can be concepts in our vocabulary e.g. AI extension for AI actors and then these get extended in AI Act.
20:10:04 <harsh> SubTopic: Human-Centric DPV
20:10:04 <harsh> Harsh suggested this as a milestone (date TBD) based on the P7012 alignment and needs i.e. to have a human-centric or data subject oriented vocabulary or version of the DPV.
20:10:04 <harsh> Mark enquired whether the COE108+ work would be in scope of the DPV, and if anyone is working on it. Harsh think yes it is in scope and no one has mentioned working on it. It can be represented in the same manner as other legal stuff e.g. GDPR. 
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
20:10:04 <harsh> Next meeting will be in 1 week, on WED JAN-24 15:00 WET / 16:00 CET.
