13:01:18 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:01:22 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2023/06/01-dpvcg-irc
13:01:22 <ghurlbot> ghurlbot has joined #dpvcg
13:01:24 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
13:01:26 <harsh> repo: w3c/dpv
13:01:33 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
13:01:36 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:02:43 <harsh> Date: 22 JUN 2023
13:04:18 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/2de88053-05a8-49d5-9d10-33fb453e5a4c
13:07:14 <harsh> present: paul, beatriz, julian, georg, tobiasEichinger, TedThibodeauJr, harsh

13:07:14 <harsh> Topic: Data Breach extension
13:07:14 <harsh> harsh shared the current draft, see email https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Jun/0003.html with the content at https://harshp.com/dpv-x/data-breach/
13:07:14 <harsh> This is to be reviewed by the group before inclusion in the formal repository. The review will be undertaken by georg, paul, julian, and will be an item on next week's agenda.
13:07:14 <harsh> ghurlbot, get #64
13:07:14 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/64 -> Issue 64 Provide concepts for Data Breach (coolharsh55)
13:07:14 <harsh> TedThibodeauJr: as best practice, it is better to add the draft to the group's repository and continue the work there
13:07:14 <harsh> harsh: agreed, the process is that this is the first draft as a proposal - once the group agrees it is in scope and there are no issues, it is then added to the github repo and then is developed there

13:07:14 <harsh> Topic: Multilingual Translations
13:07:14 <harsh> tobiasEichinger: for the TRAPEZE project which uses the DPV for consent management, we are generating automated translation using DeepL for the DPV concepts. Currently, it has some errors that need human intervention to fix and refine.
13:07:14 <harsh> georg: What is the scope for translations? Will you translate everything? All concepts and documentation?
13:07:14 <harsh> tobiasEichinger: ideal would be everything, but for now it is concepts and descriptions
13:07:14 <harsh> georg: we can use GDPR multilingual lexicon api.digitalgrammars.com/gdpr for the translation glossary
13:07:14 <harsh> tobias and georg will work on the glossary and then they will refine them with translations and review them for quality; if they work then produce the RDF / SKOS translations to use with the TRAPEZE tool
13:07:14 <harsh> \ ghurlbot, get #89
13:07:14 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/89 -> Issue 89 Multi-lingual labels and descriptions for concepts (coolharsh55)
13:07:14 <harsh> georg: The current way of translating works for concepts but not for descriptions (which are sentences)
13:07:14 <harsh> tobiasEichinger: DeepL will also work with the descriptions with the help of glossary to help with correctness
13:07:14 <harsh> \ As per email conversations earlier, the proposal by tobias is to have a glossary of manually curated terms so that DeepL can refer to those to generate the correct translations. 
13:07:14 <harsh> tobiasEichinger: (demo of TRAPEZE dashboard) the concepts and descriptions from DPV are displayed as part of the dashboard, so the user can choose the language and the translations will be used here

13:07:14 <harsh> Topic: Data Governance Act
13:07:14 <harsh> beatriz: (presenting) concept analysis of DGA with a focus on the various entities involved
13:07:14 <harsh> georg: where is data requestor?
13:07:14 <harsh> \ discussion on data requestor as a concept - it is not mentioned or defined in the DGA. Conclusion that we do not define non-normative terms at the moment, and wait for guidance or common usage before adding it to the vocabulary
13:07:14 <harsh> beatriz: changes to DPV top concepts and properties required to model data instead of personal data
13:07:14 <harsh> harsh: question to the group - whether we discuss this now (as in the coming weeks) or do we take this up later?
13:07:14 <harsh> georg: can we do this ASAP?
13:07:14 <harsh> harsh: okay, then it is prioritised
13:07:14 <harsh> \ conclusion - beatriz and harsh will write up the proposed changes and major impact to dpv and georg will review, and an item will be added to next week's agenda
13:07:14 <harsh> \ ghurlbot, get #62
13:07:14 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/62 -> Issue 89 Add DGA/eIDAas entities (coolharsh55)

13:07:14 <harsh> Topic: has assessment relation
13:07:14 <harsh> harsh: as in the earlier meetings, a proposal has been put forth to create a relation called /hasAssessment/ with variations as needed for /risk assessment/ and /impact assessment/. Corresponding concepts will also be needed for /Assessment/ with specialisations /Impact Assessment/ and /Risk Assessment/ (these exist), with further specialisations for /DPIA/, /PIA/, /Rights Impact Assessment/, /Fundamental Rights Impact Assessment/, /Data Breach Impact Assessment/
13:07:14 <harsh> \ agreement in the group to add proposed concepts
13:07:14 <harsh> ghurlbot, get #96
13:07:14 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/62 -> Issue 96 Add assessment relations and concepts (coolharsh55)

13:07:14 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
13:07:14 <harsh> \ The next meeting will be in 1 week on JUN-29 at 14:00 WEST / 15:00 CEST.
13:07:14 <harsh> \ Topics for discussion will include (1) review of data breach document; (2) impact of proposed changes from DGA modelling; (3) updates to multilingual translations