12:58:07 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:58:07 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/12/16-dpvcg-irc
12:58:12 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
12:58:25 <harsh> Scribe: Harshvardhan J. Pandit
12:58:28 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
12:58:39 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call 16-DEC-2020
12:58:45 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:00:39 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Dec/0004.html
13:02:17 <harsh> present+: PaulRyan, NishadThalhath
13:02:28 <harsh> present+: beatriz
13:02:45 <harsh> regrets+ GeorgPKrogg
13:03:24 <harsh> Topic: DPV documentation
13:03:36 <harsh> see email: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Dec/0003.html
13:05:41 <rigo> regrets, in another telco
13:05:50 <rigo> but I monitor
13:07:03 <harsh> (thanks Rigo)
13:07:17 <harsh> Attendees need more time to review documentation
13:07:40 <harsh> We have decided on 6-JAN-2021 as the date for final decision on publication of documentation and DPV v0.2
13:07:55 <harsh> Unless there are major changes or issues, we will publish on that date.
13:12:51 <harsh> Topic: NishadThalhath sharing about MetaProfiles
13:13:07 <harsh> A DCAT-like profile for datasets using DPV and ODRL for licensing/privacy constraints
13:13:12 <harsh> See: https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-030-64452-9_34
13:13:25 <harsh> Nishad is requested to share more information about with the community via mailing list
13:19:06 <harsh> Topic: Next meeting 6-JAN-2021 14:00 CET
13:19:29 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:19:29 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been :, PaulRyan, NishadThalhath, beatriz
13:19:29 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:19:33 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
13:19:55 <harsh> rrsagent, please create minutes v2
13:19:55 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/12/16-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:21:59 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
13:21:59 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
