13:51:06 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:51:06 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2018/08/21-dpvcg-irc
13:51:08 <trackbot> RRSAgent, make logs public
13:51:08 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
13:51:10 <trackbot> Meeting: Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group Teleconference
13:51:10 <trackbot> Date: 21 August 2018
13:52:23 <agendabot> agendabot has joined #dpvcg
13:52:38 <Bert> agenda: https://www.w3.org/mid/10915096.tUU11HEPGs@nyx
13:52:39 <agendabot> clear agenda
13:52:39 <agendabot> agenda+ Roll call, select scribe, agenda
13:52:39 <agendabot> agenda+ Minutes of last telcon
13:52:39 <agendabot> agenda+ Action items
13:52:39 <agendabot> agenda+ MyData 2018: who will be there?
13:52:41 <agendabot> agenda+ Use cases template on the wiki and Eva's suggestions
13:52:44 <agendabot> agenda+ Requirements
13:52:46 <agendabot> agenda+ ODRL and mixing vocabularies
13:52:49 <agendabot> agenda+ AOB
13:53:56 <Bert> previous meeting: https://www.w3.org/2018/08/07-dpvcg-minutes.html
13:53:57 <Ramisa> Ramisa has joined #dpvcg
13:54:10 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
13:54:10 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2018/08/21-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
13:56:32 <AxelPollleres> AxelPollleres has joined #dpvcg
13:56:34 <Bert> chair: Bert
13:56:41 <Bert> regrets+ Eva
13:58:11 <harsh> harsh has joined #dpvcg
14:01:15 <Bert> present+
14:02:44 <simonstey> present+
14:04:14 <harsh> present+
14:04:52 <Bert> agenda?
14:05:13 <Javier> Javier has joined #dpvcg
14:05:26 <simonstey> scribe: simonstey
14:05:57 <simonstey> Bert: any topics missing?
14:06:16 <simonstey> topic: Minutes of last call
14:06:27 <simonstey> Bert: hearing no objections
14:06:43 <Harld_ULD> Harld_ULD has joined #DPVCG
14:06:51 <simonstey> topic: Action items
14:06:55 <Bert> -> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/open actions
14:07:10 <simonstey> scribe: AxelPollleres
14:07:33 <simonstey> action-3
14:07:33 <trackbot> action-3 -- Bert Bos to Clarify which github space we can use W3C's github space or if we need something else -- due 2018-08-13 -- OPEN
14:07:33 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/3
14:07:49 <Bert> trackbot, close action 3
14:07:49 <trackbot> Sorry, Bert, I don't understand 'trackbot, close action 3'. Please refer to <http://www.w3.org/2005/06/tracker/irc> for help.
14:07:51 <AxelPollleres> bert: Bert will create a git repo soon.
14:08:12 <AxelPollleres> trackbot, close action3
14:08:12 <trackbot> Sorry, AxelPollleres, I don't understand 'trackbot, close action3'. Please refer to <http://www.w3.org/2005/06/tracker/irc> for help.
14:08:20 <Bert> action 6?
14:08:24 <simonstey> close action-3
14:08:25 <trackbot> Closed action-3.
14:08:28 <AxelPollleres> close action 3
14:08:33 <simonstey> action-6
14:08:33 <trackbot> action-6 -- Michael Markevich to Draft something about Opera use case(s) -- due 2018-08-13 -- OPEN
14:08:33 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/6
14:08:38 <simonstey> action-7
14:08:38 <trackbot> action-7 -- Bert Bos to Add some overview of SPECIAL use case(s) -- due 2018-08-13 -- OPEN
14:08:38 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/7
14:09:09 <simonstey> action-8
14:09:09 <trackbot> action-8 -- Axel Polleres to Add some more starting point vocabulary stubs -- due 2018-08-13 -- OPEN
14:09:09 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/8
14:10:12 <simonstey> close action-8
14:10:12 <trackbot> Closed action-8.
14:10:15 <AxelPollleres> close action-8
14:10:15 <trackbot> Closed action-8.
14:11:18 <Bert> action-9
14:11:18 <trackbot> action-9 -- Axel Polleres to Include links to irc and minutes into the agenda next time -- due 2018-08-14 -- OPEN
14:11:18 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/9
14:11:25 <Bert> action-10
14:11:25 <trackbot> action-10 -- Axel Polleres to Organize a call later on 30th after the mydata session or on friday morning to sync with people jooining through the conference.... will contact organizers. -- due 2018-08-14 -- OPEN
14:11:25 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/10
14:11:53 <AxelPollleres>  on 29th a dinner table for dinner table for "Semantic Interoparability" at Manala restaurant
14:12:01 <AxelPollleres>  http://www.manala.fi/?lang=en
14:12:11 <simonstey> trackbot, comment action-10 we'll have a dinner in the evening before the f2f meeting at mydata; on 29th a dinner table for dinner table for "Semantic Interoparability" at Manala restaurant (http://www.manala.fi/?lang=en)
14:12:11 <trackbot> Notes added to action-10 Organize a call later on 30th after the mydata session or on friday morning to sync with people jooining through the conference.... will contact organizers..
14:12:24 <AxelPollleres> our session is on 30th in the morning:
14:12:46 <AxelPollleres> https://mydata2018.org/sessions/semantic-interoperability-and-transparency/
14:13:28 <AxelPollleres> on 30th afternoon https://mydata2018.org/sessions/agenda-setting-for-open-space/
14:13:54 <simonstey> AxelPollleres: organizing an openspace session too
14:15:00 <simonstey> ... openspace session is after lunch, don't know which session it will be exactly though
14:15:04 <AxelPollleres> enough bandwidth given we will try to dial in the group for the open space session,
14:15:13 <AxelPollleres> https://mydata2018.org/programme/
14:15:57 <AxelPollleres> there are 4 open space sessions yet, not yet surewhat slot we get.
14:16:26 <AxelPollleres> ACTION: axel to talk to Joss about Mydata open space session and maybe try to pre-fix a slot.
14:16:26 <trackbot> Created ACTION-16 - Talk to joss about mydata open space session and maybe try to pre-fix a slot. [on Axel Polleres - due 2018-08-28].
14:16:39 <simonstey> action-11
14:16:40 <trackbot> action-11 -- Axel Polleres to Reach out to industrial data spaces project (germany) and another austrian big data project (dma). -- due 2018-08-14 -- OPEN
14:16:40 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/11
14:17:05 <simonstey> action-12
14:17:05 <trackbot> action-12 -- Simon Steyskal to Look over requirements template -- due 2018-08-14 -- OPEN
14:17:05 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/12
14:17:54 <simonstey> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/Template_for_requirements
14:17:54 <AxelPollleres> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/Template_for_requirements
14:20:10 <AxelPollleres> Simon: the template allows to vote on requirements in between calls.
14:20:35 <AxelPollleres> q+
14:21:15 <AxelPollleres> q-
14:25:44 <AxelPollleres> ACTION: Axel to try to modify the rquirements teamplate and instantiate it for some of the items on https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/Use-Cases,_Requirements,_Vocabularies
14:25:44 <trackbot> Created ACTION-17 - Try to modify the rquirements teamplate and instantiate it for some of the items on https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/use-cases,_requirements,_vocabularies [on Axel Polleres - due 2018-08-28].
14:26:09 <simonstey> action-13
14:26:09 <trackbot> action-13 -- Stefano Bocconi to Propose use case(s) for the decode project -- due 2018-08-14 -- OPEN
14:26:09 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/13
14:26:13 <Eva__ULD_> Eva__ULD_ has joined #DPVCG
14:26:38 <simonstey> action-14
14:26:38 <trackbot> action-14 -- Axel Polleres to Ask hendrik for edition ieee 7012 -- due 2018-08-14 -- OPEN
14:26:38 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/14
14:26:58 <simonstey> https://standards.ieee.org/develop/project/7012.html
14:27:24 <simonstey> action-15
14:27:25 <trackbot> action-15 -- Eva Schlehahn to look over use cases template -- due 2018-08-14 -- OPEN
14:27:25 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/15
14:28:04 <Bert> -> https://www.w3.org/mid/9412d9d7-2aac-1d3b-f9f1-d0c0799d0369@datenschutzzentrum.de Eva's e-mail on use case template
14:29:28 <simonstey> AxelPollleres: Ben and I will talk about our efforts
14:30:29 <Eva__ULD_> I sent my suggestions on the use case and on the requirements templates per email - so action done ;)
14:30:56 <AxelPollleres> ACTION: Javier to update the use case template wrt. Eva's version
14:30:57 <trackbot> Error finding 'Javier'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
14:31:13 <Bert> q?
14:32:12 <AxelPollleres> Javier: we probably need first the use cases to discuss more about requirements
14:32:29 <AxelPollleres> Axel: we should take the list from the workshop as starting points, see action above.
14:32:52 <AxelPollleres> topic: how to combine vocabularies
14:32:56 <AxelPollleres> q+
14:33:06 <Bert> ack axel
14:33:13 <Eva__ULD_> I think it might depend heavily on the use cases which kind of taxonomies and vocabularies we need
14:34:31 <harsh> q+
14:35:14 <Bert> ack hars
14:35:38 <harsh> Seems audio isn't working :(
14:35:50 <harsh> But I agree with Axel
14:35:52 <AxelPollleres> maybe try typing? :-)
14:36:23 <harsh> My question was: in light of what we discussed, should we start listing concepts and properties from listed vocabularies we might find interesting
14:36:28 <simonstey> q+
14:37:10 <Bert> ack sim
14:37:35 <AxelPollleres> Can we agree that our goal is to work within one namespace and connect to it, instead of creating a coglomerate of voabularies?
14:38:00 <AxelPollleres> q+
14:39:07 <AxelPollleres> simon: I don't think we should invent an own use case, if we have one vocab that covers all.
14:39:25 <AxelPollleres> ... we maybe only need a "best practices" document.
14:39:57 <AxelPollleres> ... in ORDL you can specify consent, but not it's components.
14:41:01 <Bert> ack ax
14:44:22 <AxelPollleres> Axel: I think we could have a JSON-LD profile that describes the whole policies.
14:44:32 <AxelPollleres> ... and collect our core terms.
14:45:16 <AxelPollleres> ... single namespace we mape to or JSON-LD profile combining different namespaces, is not so relevant in the end, but coherend presentation of the terms we support and need.
14:45:43 <AxelPollleres> Javier: Are we closing the use cases or are we calling for external use cases?
14:46:10 <AxelPollleres> ... so far they seem close to a couple of European projects.
14:46:17 <harsh> Perhaps we could have a cut-off line for use-cases, after which we turn those collected use-cases into requirements?
14:47:04 <AxelPollleres> Axel: we need more use cases and should spread the word as far as we can.
14:48:31 <harsh> Issue would be a good idea
14:48:52 <AxelPollleres> ISSUE: timeline/schedule, when should we stop collecting additional use cases?
14:48:53 <trackbot> Created ISSUE-1 - Timeline/schedule, when should we stop collecting additional use cases?.  Please complete additional details at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/1/edit>.
14:49:14 <AxelPollleres> ISSUE-1: postponed until after Mydata
14:49:14 <trackbot> Notes added to ISSUE-1 Timeline/schedule, when should we stop collecting additional use cases?.
14:50:12 <AxelPollleres> PROPOSED: next call 4 september, same time
14:50:18 <AxelPollleres> +1 :-)
14:50:30 <simonstey> +1
14:50:33 <Ramisa> +1
14:51:27 <AxelPollleres> RESOLVED: next call 4 september, same time.
14:52:03 <AxelPollleres> adjourned.
14:52:53 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
14:52:53 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2018/08/21-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
15:50:55 <Bert> i/any topics missing/Topic: Roll call, select scribe, agenda
15:52:43 <Bert> s/surewhat/sure what/
16:17:20 <rjlpinto> rjlpinto has joined #dpvcg
17:02:18 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
17:02:18 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2018/08/21-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
19:12:44 <AxelPollleres> AxelPollleres has joined #dpvcg
19:25:50 <AxelPollleres> AxelPollleres has joined #dpvcg
20:06:45 <AxelPollleres> AxelPollleres has joined #dpvcg
20:19:48 <AxelPollleres> AxelPollleres has joined #dpvcg
