15:02:29 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
15:02:29 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/11/12-dpvcg-irc
15:02:31 <trackbot> RRSAgent, make logs public
15:02:34 <trackbot> Meeting: Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group Teleconference
15:02:34 <trackbot> Date: 12 November 2019
15:02:55 <Bert> present+
15:02:59 <Bert> chair: Axel
15:03:58 <harsh> harsh has joined #dpvcg
15:04:11 <harsh> Hello, having a few issues with calling.
15:08:03 <harsh> Okay, I'll try going to a different wifi location
15:14:26 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:15:05 <axelpolleres> again late, sigh
15:15:11 <axelpolleres> dialing
15:16:48 <axelpolleres> anyone still here? :-)
15:17:23 <Bert> Hi Axel, just Rudy and me
15:17:34 <Bert> Harsh was trying to find wifi
15:18:27 <axelpolleres> Attendees: Harsh, Ber, Rudy, Axel
15:18:43 <Bert> RRSAgent, pointer?
15:18:43 <RRSAgent> See https://www.w3.org/2019/11/12-dpvcg-irc#T15-18-43
15:20:05 <axelpolleres> 2 main agenda items today... IDS presentation/discussion, mail by rudy and discussion of additonal terms in the vocabulary.
15:21:32 <axelpolleres> topic: IDS
15:21:40 <axelpolleres> christoph lange presenting.
15:21:57 <axelpolleres> scribe: Axel
15:22:11 <axelpolleres> IDS - Industrial Data Space
15:22:53 <axelpolleres> potential synergies between IDS information model and DPV
15:23:38 <axelpolleres> IDS information model is open, so no IP issues.
15:24:05 <axelpolleres> http://ids.semantic-interoperability.org/ is not the latest version of the information model.
15:25:01 <clange> clange has joined #dpvcg
15:25:03 <testuser> testuser has joined #dpvcg
15:25:09 <clange> https://github.com/IndustrialDataSpace/InformationModel
15:25:10 <harsh> clange: Latest version is at https://github.com/IndustrialDataSpace/InformationModel
15:26:44 <axelpolleres> data and usage control is important
15:26:47 <axelpolleres> for IDS
15:27:09 <clange> https://www.internationaldataspaces.org/info-package/
15:27:23 <clange> https://www.internationaldataspaces.org/ressource-hub/publications-ids/
15:27:37 <clange> Reference Architecture Model or RAM
15:27:46 <clange> (showing some improved graphics from that)
15:34:44 <axelpolleres> policy compliance checking in IDS still work in progress, policies ODRL-based.
15:36:20 <harsh> axelpolleres: for the vocabulary used, how is it modeled? Does it have a hierarchy/taxonomy?
15:36:29 <harsh> clange: not at this point
15:36:52 <harsh> clange: this is where DPV could be useful
15:37:00 <axelpolleres> DPV complementary... IDS doesn't have concrete classes of data providers/consumers defined, nor putpose hierarchies.
15:40:00 <axelpolleres> IDS mainly B2B scenarios, but also personal data could be exchanged, where DPV would be important to trace these exchanges, which need to be documented according to GDPR, for instance.
15:40:24 <axelpolleres> IDS could  look into re-use and extend DPV
15:41:19 <axelpolleres> Christoph: DPV highly useful for that
15:41:55 <axelpolleres> ... IDS working on an app store on their data market, DPV useful for metadata on the app store.
15:42:11 <axelpolleres> ... also for describing datasets.
15:42:35 <axelpolleres> also Datacube, void useful for that.
15:42:55 <axelpolleres> ... DPV relevant for personal/privacy related data.
15:43:24 <axelpolleres> ... in the next few months more use cases for IDS.
15:43:51 <axelpolleres> s/IDS/IDS information model/
15:46:15 <clange> further public information about the IDS Information Model: https://www.internationaldataspaces.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/IDS-Information-Model.pdf, https://www.internationaldataspaces.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/IDS-Policy-Language.pdf – both slightly outdated, but combine this with the https://github.com/IndustrialDataSpace/InformationModel/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md
15:46:26 <clange> … and then you are up to date wrt. the current version 2.0
15:46:38 <axelpolleres> ... can imagine a lot of useful ways to use DPV, do not expect disruptive new.
15:46:49 <axelpolleres> q?
15:46:58 <clange> wrt. the specific use of ODRL, we basically extended ODRL's supply of Left Operands: https://github.com/IndustrialDataSpace/InformationModel/search?q=leftoperand&unscoped_q=leftoperand
15:48:43 <axelpolleres> Christoph trying to join the group, IDS association has a lot of industry (more than 100 companies).
15:49:11 <axelpolleres> no standardisation body behind IDS, but reusing a lot of existing standards.
15:51:13 <axelpolleres> topic: rudy's suggestion to additional terms to the vocabulary.
15:51:19 <axelpolleres> Link to the mail?
15:51:41 <harsh> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Nov/0002.html
15:52:02 <harsh> further discussion in https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Nov/0003.html
15:52:30 <clange> Re. standardisation of IDS: the Reference Architecture Model is a high-level standard-like document; for the 100+ member organizations of the IDSA, technical guides with more implementation-related guidelines are currently being elaborated (and will at some point also go public).
15:53:07 <harsh> Suggested terms were regarding TV Viewing Behaviour (Personal Data Category) and Creating Event Recommendations (Purpose)
15:53:27 <clange> The information model itself basically reuses and extends a lot of W3C standards, including DCAT, ODRL and SKOS.
15:54:03 <axelpolleres> harsh: personalization and recommendation should be different purposes.
15:54:12 <harsh> Currently, we have a type of persaonlised recommendations under ServicePersonalisation
15:54:22 <axelpolleres> PROPOSED: personalization and recommendation should be different purposes.
15:54:42 <axelpolleres> +1
15:55:16 <harsh> +1
15:55:22 <clange> Some results of the IDS-related projects are themselves also being fed into "proper" standardization processes, e.g., https://www.internationaldataspaces.org/din-spec-27070-close-to-be-published/ (DIN SPEC 27070 "A standard for secure gateways for data and services")
15:55:26 <axelpolleres> axel: recommendation could be extended further, but maybe not extend the scope now.
15:55:27 <Bert> +1
15:55:29 <harsh> dpv:CreateProductRecommendations is the current concept
15:56:38 <harsh> dpv:CreateProductRecommendations --> ServicePersonalisation --> Purpose
15:56:56 <axelpolleres> dpv:servicePersonalPersonalization is currently superclass of creat product recommendation.
15:57:29 <axelpolleres> rather: personalizedrecommendation subclass of botrh.
15:57:47 <axelpolleres> ACTION: HArsh will make a formal proposal for an extension/modification in this direction.
15:57:47 <trackbot> Created ACTION-135 - Will make a formal proposal for an extension/modification in this direction. [on Harshvardhan Pandit - due 2019-11-19].
15:58:52 <axelpolleres> a change would break some dependency, we need to document that change well example.
16:00:10 <axelpolleres> HArsh will organise a sync call with Rudy to make the proposal more conrete by next time.
16:00:25 <axelpolleres> if anybody wants to join, then let them know.
16:00:37 <harsh> I (We) will send details if anyone wants to join on the mailing list
16:00:56 <axelpolleres> Please inform us on the mailinglist about the outcome... ideallty in a mail we can vote on next time.
16:01:14 <clange> Regarding the potential significance of something (e.g. the DPV) being recommended in the official examples about the IDS Information Model, note https://www.internationaldataspaces.org/the-association/#mitglieder (100+ members)
16:01:48 <axelpolleres> next call 26th, Axel at risk, Bert can chair.
16:02:13 <axelpolleres> adjourned.
16:02:19 <clange> The slides I presented by screen-sharing are a variant of what https://www.internationaldataspaces.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/IDS-Reference-Architecture-Model-3.0.pdf calls the "system layer"
16:02:36 <clange> (section 3.5)
16:03:21 <axelpolleres> Axel: if I still find an open issue/action wrt. IDS liaison, I would close it for now and hope for Christoph to be in touch, following up the call today.
16:03:44 <axelpolleres> i.e.: see/read/hear you then @clange ;-)
16:04:00 <clange> great, thanks, indeed let's keep in touch
16:04:15 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, produce public minutes
16:04:15 <RRSAgent> I'm logging. I don't understand 'produce public minutes', axelpolleres.  Try /msg RRSAgent help
16:04:55 <axelpolleres> RRSagent, create the minutes
16:04:55 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/11/12-dpvcg-minutes.html axelpolleres
16:05:16 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
16:05:42 <axelpolleres> minuts are out there: https://www.w3.org/2019/11/12-dpvcg-minutes.html
16:06:03 <axelpolleres> BTW, I reaslize we forgot tyo approve the last meetings minutes:
16:06:35 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Axel to remind Bert to approve both last meetings' minutes next time (26 November)
16:06:35 <trackbot> Created ACTION-136 - Remind bert to approve both last meetings' minutes next time (26 november) [on Axel Polleres - due 2019-11-19].
16:09:47 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has left #dpvcg
16:27:18 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
16:55:57 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
