14:59:39 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
14:59:39 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/11/26-dpvcg-irc
14:59:41 <trackbot> RRSAgent, make logs public
14:59:44 <trackbot> Meeting: Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group Teleconference
14:59:44 <trackbot> Date: 26 November 2019
14:59:53 <agendabot> agendabot has joined #dpvcg
15:00:16 <Bert> agenda: https://www.w3.org/mid/2147851.Ja9VZB5n4a@nyx
15:00:17 <agendabot> clear agenda
15:00:17 <agendabot> agenda+ Roll call, select scribe, agenda
15:00:17 <agendabot> agenda+ Approve last two telcon minutes:
15:00:17 <agendabot> agenda+ Action items
15:00:17 <agendabot> agenda+ dpv vocabulary extension for TV viewing behavior and event recommendations
15:00:20 <agendabot> agenda+ Issues
15:00:22 <agendabot> agenda+ AOB
15:00:44 <Bert> regrets+ Bud, Axel
15:00:49 <Bert> chair: Bert
15:05:35 <harsh> I see no one else on call. Shall we wait 5 more minutes? Or start the meeting?
15:05:41 <__> __ has joined #dpvcg
15:06:08 <Bert> Yes, it's just you and me so far.
15:06:46 <Bert> I'd say if nobody joins within 5 minutes, we'll cancel.
15:08:47 <harsh> Okay. Rudy was hoping to have the terms discussed and accepted today.
15:09:12 <harsh> I'm wary of doing that with just two people on the call.
15:09:24 <Bert> We're three now :-)
15:09:29 <harsh> But we can send an email to the group for comments, and if none, accept them?
15:09:35 <harsh> Yes, I see that Rudy has joined the call.
15:10:07 <Bert> Yes, we can do it by email, too. Send a message with a deadline and and nobody objects, it's accepted.
15:10:23 <Bert> Either Axel or me should send that message.
15:12:21 <harsh> I think we can start the meeting, there are 4 people on call.
15:13:08 <harsh> scribe: harsh
15:13:34 <harsh> Bert: Approving minutes of last meeting
15:13:45 <harsh> Bert: Any objections to accepting minutes from Oct-29 ?
15:13:59 <Fajar> Fajar has joined #dpvcg
15:14:02 <harsh> Bert: (no objections) approved
15:14:11 <harsh> Bert: For 12-Nov ?
15:14:23 <harsh> Bert: (no objections) approved
15:14:48 <Bert> action-128?
15:14:49 <trackbot> action-128 -- Fajar Ekaputra to Will try to recollect all the inputs and (not-)addressed issues in the spec. -- due 2019-09-10 -- OPEN
15:14:49 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/128
15:16:14 <harsh> Fajar: We can close the action as we have the spreadsheet
15:16:19 <harsh> harsh: We can move the link to the Wiki
15:16:29 <harsh> Bert: We can then close action-128
15:16:57 <Bert> action: bert to add a link to the spreadsheet to the wiki, for safekeeping.
15:16:57 <trackbot> 'bert' is an ambiguous username. Please try a different identifier, such as family name or username (e.g., bbos, bertv).
15:17:03 <Bert> close action-128
15:17:03 <trackbot> Closed action-128.
15:17:18 <Bert> action-131
15:17:18 <trackbot> action-131 -- Harshvardhan Pandit to Contact jan lindquis and inform them about the process how to suggest terms, i.e. ask them for a coherent proposal to extend our voacbulary to include their terms and let us know which ones are missing or where are the overlaps. -- due 2019-09-24 -- OPEN
15:17:19 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/131
15:17:46 <Bert> action-133
15:17:46 <trackbot> action-133 -- Harshvardhan Pandit to Fix the extra space in "dpv-nace: nace-code." in section 5 -- due 2019-10-22 -- OPEN
15:17:46 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/133
15:17:49 <harsh> harsh: This was about terms from BIT - still ongoing
15:18:08 <Bert> close action-133
15:18:08 <trackbot> Closed action-133.
15:18:15 <Bert> close action-134
15:18:15 <trackbot> Closed action-134.
15:18:23 <Bert> action-134?
15:18:23 <trackbot> action-134 -- Fajar Ekaputra to Convert feedback from the spreadsheet into raised issues -- due 2019-11-05 -- CLOSED
15:18:23 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/134
15:18:40 <Bert> open action-134
15:19:48 <Bert> action-135
15:19:49 <trackbot> action-135 -- Harshvardhan Pandit to Will make a formal proposal for an extension/modification in this direction. -- due 2019-11-19 -- OPEN
15:19:49 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/135
15:19:53 <harsh> Fajar: Will raise them as issues
15:20:07 <Bert> close action-135
15:20:07 <trackbot> Closed action-135.
15:20:19 <Bert> close action-136
15:20:19 <trackbot> Closed action-136.
15:21:06 <Bert> agenda?
15:21:22 <Bert> zakim, take up agendum 4
15:21:22 <Zakim> agendum 4. "dpv vocabulary extension for TV viewing behavior and event recommendations" taken up [from agendabot]
15:22:39 <harsh> Bert: We have some existing subclasses of Behavior, are those applicable?
15:23:48 <harsh> harsh: Some example?
15:23:53 <harsh> Bert: Browsing Behavior?
15:25:02 <harsh> Bert: Any objections to adopting proposal
15:25:16 <harsh> Bert: (no objections) accepted
15:26:40 <harsh> harsh: There's a git patch in the email with the proposed changes
15:26:53 <harsh> Bert: I will try integrating them
15:27:24 <Bert> action: Bert apply Harsh's patch to the HTML and RDF and republish, due 2019-11-28
15:27:24 <trackbot> 'Bert' is an ambiguous username. Please try a different identifier, such as family name or username (e.g., bbos, bertv).
15:27:49 <Bert> action: Bert Bos apply Harsh's patch to the HTML and RDF and republish, due 2019-11-28
15:27:49 <trackbot> 'Bert' is an ambiguous username. Please try a different identifier, such as family name or username (e.g., bbos, bertv).
15:28:24 <harsh> action: bertbos apply Harsh's patch to the HTML and RDF and republish, due 2019-11-28
15:28:24 <trackbot> Error finding 'bertbos'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
15:28:40 <harsh> action: bert apply Harsh's patch to the HTML and RDF and republish, due 2019-11-28
15:28:40 <trackbot> 'bert' is an ambiguous username. Please try a different identifier, such as family name or username (e.g., bbos, bertv).
15:30:54 <Bert> issue-14?
15:30:54 <trackbot> issue-14 -- We may want to add a non-normative comment in the spec that/how the taxonomy can be used as skos. -- open
15:30:54 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/14
15:42:30 <harsh> Discussing issue-14 on call. No solutions so far.
15:42:53 <Bert> issue-16?
15:42:53 <trackbot> issue-16 -- Do we need to further structure consent notice? -- open
15:42:53 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/16
15:48:53 <harsh> ISO 29184 online consent notices https://www.iso.org/standard/70331.html
15:49:14 <harsh> ISO is currently looking at consent receipt as a standard
15:49:24 <harsh> We can piggyback on whatever emerges to evaluate our consent vocab
15:53:16 <harsh> Next meeting is on Dec-10 in 2 week, usual time slot
15:54:28 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
15:54:28 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/11/26-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
15:55:11 <Bert> present: Rudy, Harsh, Fajar, Bert
15:55:12 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
15:55:12 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/11/26-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
16:16:24 <Bert> i/harsh: There's a git patch/Resolution: Accept Harsh's proposal https://www.w3.org/mid/1acfbf60-7631-eb90-77f9-af2bb9522194@harshp.com
16:24:17 <Bert> action: bbos apply Harsh's patch to the HTML and RDF and republish, due 2019-11-28
16:24:19 <trackbot> Created ACTION-137 - Apply harsh's patch to the html and rdf and republish, due 2019-11-28 [on Bert Bos - due 2019-12-03].
16:24:26 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
16:24:26 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/11/26-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
16:27:51 <Bert> action: bbos to add a link to the spreadsheet to the wiki, for safekeeping.
16:27:52 <trackbot> Created ACTION-138 - Add a link to the spreadsheet to the wiki, for safekeeping. [on Bert Bos - due 2019-12-03].
16:28:56 <Bert> i/Approving minutes/topic: Approve last two telcon minutes
16:29:36 <Bert> i/action-128?/topic: Action items
16:30:17 <Bert> i/Next meeting is /topic: Next meeting
16:30:31 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
16:30:31 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/11/26-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
16:34:27 <Bert> s|Resolution: Accept Harsh's proposal https://www.w3.org/mid/1acfbf60-7631-eb90-77f9-af2bb9522194@harshp.com|Resolution: Accept -> Harsh's proposal https://www.w3.org/mid/1acfbf60-7631-eb90-77f9-af2bb9522194@harshp.com
16:34:31 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
16:34:31 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/11/26-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
