11:57:41 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
11:57:41 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/06/24-dpvcg-irc
11:58:55 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Call 24-JUN-2020
11:58:59 <harsh> Chair: harsh
11:59:15 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Jun/0019.html
12:07:52 <harsh> topic: approve minutes of last meeting
12:08:13 <harsh> https://www.w3.org/2020/06/10-dpvcg-minutes.html
12:08:18 <harsh> approved by consensus
12:08:21 <harsh> present+ georg
12:08:24 <harsh> present+ beatriz
12:10:36 <harsh> topic: community is not active / participation is low
12:12:14 <harsh> georg: I can invite from LinkedIn
12:12:36 <harsh> beatriz: my PhD is relevant to the topic, so I am going to be involved, also interested in working on Primer
12:12:57 <harsh> georg: it is also a difficult time due to the COVID-19 situation, so we should keep the community going
12:16:03 <harsh> axelpolleres: we could have an entry point on the intro/first page geared for contributor and invitors, links to existing projects and works that use DPV(CG), and updates.
12:16:24 <harsh> axelpolleres: we could have testimonials from adopters
12:18:31 <axelpolleres> I had lost connection...
12:18:38 <axelpolleres> ... back
12:19:09 <harsh> harsh: we need to update timeline and deliverables on the main page
12:19:46 <axelpolleres> deliverables: 1) update of vocab (e.g. purpose categories 2) primer
12:19:47 <harsh> axelpolleres: deliverable would be primer
12:19:55 <harsh> scribe: axelpolleres
12:20:27 <harsh> axelpolleres: summary presentation given at end of SPECIAL talking about timeline, and testimonials, will send it
12:21:59 <harsh> topic: contributions from Signatu
12:22:32 <harsh> georg: have contributed concepts from Article 13,14; transfer legal basis, and ISO 29184
12:22:47 <harsh> georg: mapping between 29184 and DPV (in-progress)
12:23:48 <harsh> harsh: we could have a ISO_pref_label for DPV terms to map them to ISO
12:29:16 <axelpolleres> Keep in touch about TRAPEZE with Piero
12:32:00 <axelpolleres> biweekly meetings not really joined by many, is there a better day? Harsh thinks about either (a) polling for another day or (b) personally getting in touch (c) topicwise calls
12:33:25 <harsh> Zakim, bye
12:33:25 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been georg, beatriz
12:33:25 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
12:33:40 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
12:33:46 <harsh> rrsagent, draft minutes
12:33:46 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/06/24-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
12:34:08 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
12:34:08 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
