21:47:25 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
21:47:25 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/11/16-dpvcg-irc
21:47:29 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
21:47:32 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
21:47:36 <harsh> Chair: harsh
21:47:44 <harsh> Present: harsh, georg, paul, beatriz, delaram
21:47:51 <harsh> Date: 16 NOV 2022
21:48:10 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Nov/0002.html
21:48:26 <harsh> Previous minutes -> https://www.w3.org/2022/11/09-dpvcg-minutes.html
21:50:34 <harsh> Topic: Finalising DPV v1 release
21:50:50 <harsh> We continue implementing the tasks from agenda
21:51:04 <harsh> See email https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Nov/0003.html
21:51:20 <harsh> See GitHub issue https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/50
21:53:28 <harsh> Specifically, everyone is requested to review existing text and diagrams and help point out what's missing or incorrect.
21:53:53 <harsh> Additionally, if there is a section where you can edit/write - please let harsh know to co-ordinate activities
21:55:58 <harsh> Georg will help with reviewing the text and diagrams. Previous suggestions for fixes to Primer will be integrated by harsh.
21:56:10 <harsh> Beatriz and Delaram will also assist with diagrams.
21:56:19 <harsh> Beatriz will assist with writing about rights, rules
21:56:37 <harsh> delaram: what is missing from risk extension since it won't be in v1?
21:56:48 <harsh> harsh: management concepts, justifications structures - once these are agreed upon we can have risk v1
21:58:25 <harsh> We will continue working on these, and hopefully have a decision on the release next week.
21:58:30 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
21:58:47 <harsh> We will meet again in 1 week, on WED 23-NOV 13:00 WET / 14:00 CET
21:58:56 <harsh> Topic will be preparing DPV for v1 release
21:59:08 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
21:59:08 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/11/16-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
21:59:19 <harsh> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
22:00:15 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
22:24:22 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
22:24:22 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
