15:05:16 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
15:05:16 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/02/18-dpvcg-irc
15:05:18 <trackbot> RRSAgent, make logs public
15:05:18 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
15:05:20 <trackbot> Meeting: Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group Teleconference
15:05:20 <trackbot> Date: 18 February 2020
15:07:19 <agendabot> agendabot has joined #dpvcg
15:07:26 <Bert> agenda: https://www.w3.org/mid/48e59754-8fc4-8d0f-8a97-8c607f4d56dd@harshp.com
15:07:27 <agendabot> clear agenda
15:07:27 <agendabot> agenda+ Roll call, select scribe, agenda
15:07:27 <agendabot> agenda+ Approve last telcom minutes/notes:
15:07:27 <agendabot> agenda+ Start working on Primer?
15:07:28 <agendabot> agenda+ Prioritise action items
15:07:30 <agendabot> agenda+ AOB
15:11:13 <Bert> present+
15:11:41 <Bert> chair: Harsh
15:12:41 <harsh> harsh has joined #dpvcg
15:17:51 <Bert> present+ Mark, Harsh
15:18:00 <Bert> No change to action items.
15:18:09 <Bert> Too few people to discuss primer.
15:18:34 <Bert> Harsh will use the mailing list.
15:18:47 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
15:18:47 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/02/18-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
15:20:35 <Bert> previous meeting: https://www.w3.org/2020/01/21-dpvcg-minutes.html
15:20:37 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
15:20:37 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/02/18-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
15:23:37 <besteves> besteves has joined #dpvcg
15:26:34 <besteves> besteves has joined #dpvcg
