11:53:33 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
11:53:33 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/07/28-dpvcg-irc
11:54:53 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
11:54:58 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
11:55:01 <harsh> Chair: harsh
11:55:12 <harsh> Date: 28 JUL 2021
11:55:24 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Jul/0005.html
11:55:35 <harsh> Present: harsh
11:59:01 <harsh> Regrets: GeorgK
12:02:50 <harsh> present+: davidH
12:04:15 <harsh> present+: paulR
12:07:42 <harsh> present+: markL
12:07:47 <harsh> Topic: Purpose taxonomy
12:07:59 <harsh> see https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/22
12:13:43 <harsh> paulR: (shared screen) work to date on purpose extraction from various sources
12:13:51 <harsh> paulR: working on these with Beatriz
12:31:44 <harsh> We continue to work on purposes, then decide on whatever has been collected on 18th August. What is left will be resolved in next iteration.
12:32:58 <harsh> Topic: General Discussion
12:34:05 <harsh> markL: Ontario Canada, is looking for "appropriate purposes" depending on what one considers 'fair' and 'appropriate' in 'circumstances'
12:51:10 <harsh> Regrets: GeorgK, BeatrizE
12:53:03 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
12:53:14 <harsh> 18 August 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST
12:53:28 <harsh> We will be resolving purposes and proposed concepts collected to date.
12:53:37 <harsh> This may be a longer session depending on availability of participants.
12:53:40 <harsh> zakim, bye
12:53:40 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, :, davidH, paulR, markL
12:53:40 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
12:53:49 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
12:53:49 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/07/28-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
12:53:52 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
12:54:16 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
12:54:16 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
