19:09:02 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
19:09:02 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/07/07-dpvcg-irc
19:09:06 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
19:09:09 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
19:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
19:10:40 <harsh> Present: harsh, nishad, jan, mark, georg, paul, ChangSun
19:10:51 <harsh> Date: 08 JUL 2022
19:11:05 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Jun/0014.html
19:11:29 <harsh> Previous meeting minutes -> https://www.w3.org/2022/06/29-dpvcg-minutes.html
19:11:52 <harsh> Welcome / Introduction - Chang Sun
19:11:58 <harsh> Topic: Consent
19:12:06 <harsh> Discussion about updating consent concepts in DPV
19:12:33 <harsh> Focus on expressing conditions associated with consent (e.g. freely given, informed) and way a decision is expressed (e.g. explicit)
19:12:49 <harsh> GDPR specific concepts will go within DPV-GDPR
19:15:13 <harsh> The group agrees to update consent concepts
19:15:17 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
19:15:46 <harsh> Next meeting will be in 1 week, WED JUL-13 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST
19:16:13 <harsh> Agenda will be continuation of discussions related to DPIA, Risk, Rights, Rules, ISO Standards, Consent concepts
19:16:30 <harsh> Priority will be based on updates for these on mailing list or GitHub
19:16:35 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
19:16:35 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/07/07-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
19:16:44 <harsh> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
19:17:27 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
19:17:27 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
