13:01:18 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:01:22 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2023/06/01-dpvcg-irc
13:01:22 <ghurlbot> ghurlbot has joined #dpvcg
13:01:24 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
13:01:26 <harsh> repo: w3c/dpv
13:01:33 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
13:01:36 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:02:43 <harsh> Date: 15 JUN 2023
13:04:18 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/57d19fbf-a510-47a0-bf16-907b0711c079
13:07:14 <harsh> Present: harsh, beatriz, julian
15:54:05 <harsh> Topic: Next Tasks and Housekeeping
15:54:15 <harsh> harsh: inishing the data breach extension and documentation as agreed on last week.
15:54:15 <harsh> harsh: Taking up Consent management guidance document based on 27560 - the ISO standard is at final draft stage. We already have the concepts, so the guidance is for application.
15:54:15 <harsh> harsh: After these are done, I will be taking a break from creating new extensions to focus on improving the state of documentatino to encourage clarity and ease of adoption. The group can continue to work on the other pending extensions e.g. DGA, risk, tech.
15:54:15 <harsh> julian: Some of the links in the documentation are broken e.g. the guide for consent https://w3c.github.io/dpv/guides/consent and other links also return 404. A document with all the links would be better to keep.
15:54:15 <harsh> harsh: yes, these will be finished and added back. There is a note to this effect in the documentation (e.g. coming soon). It would be better to keep track of links and statuses. A script that checks for broken links as part of the publications process.
15:54:15 <harsh> harsh: a short list of links configured on the server for w3id is here: https://github.com/w3c/dpv/tree/master/w3id_config
15:54:15 <harsh> harsh: Separately, to make finding and using information easier, the proposal is to reformat the specification to make it easier to understand the scope and scale of concepts and separate the sections into different documents for additional guidance.
15:54:15 <harsh> harsh: For documentation, I refer to this guide https://documentation.divio.com/ which has 4 types of documentations. We use specification (DPV), guides (how-to), and tutorials (step-by-step application) - so these need to be created.
15:54:15 <harsh> beatriz: Will look into DGA concepts and rights exercise - how to use concepts for exercise of rights ; 
15:54:15 <harsh> julian: check DPV translations ; editorial review ; look into assessing DPV with DPM
16:14:10 <harsh> Topic: Next meeting
16:14:31 <harsh> The next meeting will take place on 22 June 14:00 WEST / 15:00 CEST
16:14:31 <harsh> harsh will share written document for data breach extension based on the last email; we will discuss document changes at the start (if any, in short).
16:14:31 <harsh> beatriz will present DGA as: (1) intro to DGA (2) proposed changes to DPV e.g. scope change for properties to go from personal data to data (3) DGA concepts