11:55:21 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
11:55:21 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/04/29-dpvcg-irc
11:56:16 <harsh> agenda?
11:58:25 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Bimonthly Call - April 29
11:58:31 <harsh> Chair: harsh
11:58:55 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Apr/0017.html
12:05:01 <harsh> present+ beatriz
12:05:06 <harsh> present+ georg
12:05:12 <harsh> present+ nishad_thalhath
12:05:17 <harsh> scribe: harsh
12:05:40 <harsh> start the meeting
12:06:14 <harsh> Zakim, start the meeting
12:06:14 <Zakim> RRSAgent, make logs Public
12:06:15 <Zakim> please title this meeting ("meeting: ..."), harsh
12:07:45 <harsh> meeting: DPVCG Bimonthly Call - April 29
12:09:53 <harsh> Georg, Beatriz: planning to work on Primer.
12:10:13 <harsh> harsh: can expand sections with some information about the contents to help contributors
12:11:30 <harsh> Beatriz: it would be good to have Rights and Principles modeled in the DPV
12:12:11 <harsh> Georg: regarding rights, it also is relevant and dependant to the supervisory authorities and EPDB. E.g. rights should be specified with all conditions, requirements
12:15:53 <harsh> harsh: we can take this up on the mailing list in terms of whether to specify a concept or a also to model the requirements
12:18:24 <harsh> Georg: In terms of time, there should be a way to specify timestamp or duration e.g. for processing
12:19:33 <harsh> harsh: This is more a policy level annotation? There can be temporal annotations for purpose, legal basis
12:20:13 <harsh> Georg: then we could have generic property for temporal annotations
12:20:26 <harsh> Georg: common used standard for this is ISO 8601
12:21:05 <harsh> Georg: We also do not have a property for processing location
12:22:31 <harsh> harsh: We can start listing these as use-cases and use them to justify/derive the needed properties
12:22:47 <harsh> harsh: Do we model processing location as a property for Processing or as Technical measure?
12:25:26 <harsh> harsh: These to be listed as ACTIONS/ISSUES
12:26:06 <harsh> rrsagent ACTION: create issues and actions from meeting notes of APR-29 and APR-15
12:26:12 <harsh> rrsagent, ACTION: create issues and actions from meeting notes of APR-29 and APR-15
12:33:14 <harsh> Beatriz: I am also interested in seeing how Signatu uses DPV
12:34:35 <harsh> harsh: We can do this on a DPVCG call at some point and use this to list how DPV is being used
12:36:23 <harsh> Zakim, end this meeting
12:36:23 <Zakim> As of this point the attendees have been beatriz, georg, nishad_thalhath
12:36:25 <Zakim> RRSAgent, please draft minutes
12:36:25 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/04/29-dpvcg-minutes.html Zakim
12:36:29 <Zakim> I am happy to have been of service, harsh; please remember to excuse RRSAgent.  Goodbye
12:36:33 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
12:36:55 <harsh> rrsagent, please publish the minutes v2
12:36:55 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/04/29-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
12:38:11 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
12:38:11 <RRSAgent> I see 1 open action item saved in https://www.w3.org/2020/04/29-dpvcg-actions.rdf :
12:38:11 <RRSAgent> ACTION: create issues and actions from meeting notes of APR-29 and APR-15 [1]
12:38:11 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2020/04/29-dpvcg-irc#T12-26-12
