21:51:09 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
21:51:09 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/09/06-dpvcg-irc
21:51:14 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
21:51:19 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
21:51:26 <harsh> Chair: harsh
21:53:53 <harsh> Present: harsh, georg, julian, beatriz, martin
21:58:15 <harsh> Topic: SAR (Subject Access Request)
21:58:54 <harsh> DPV provides the notion of right, and DPV-GDPR lists these rights, but there is a distinct lack of concepts related to how to exercise right, the contents of what needs to be provided, the response, data provided back in a right, etc.
21:59:14 <harsh> There is also the need to express the scope of a right, e.g. all data or only some data, temporal period.
21:59:30 <harsh> There was a discussion on whether this is of interest, and what should be the scope.
21:59:45 <harsh> The group agrees that these concepts and investigations are of interest and should be provided through DPVCG.
22:00:15 <harsh> Specific areas of investigation include - how to specify a request, how to reply to a request, what is the scope, replies and justifications, and so on
22:00:46 <harsh> Interested participants should contact georg who is leading this work within the group.
22:00:56 <harsh> Topic: TCF representation using DPV
22:01:38 <harsh> Martin Kruze, who is from Deutsche Telekom and a part of the TRAPEZE project, has raised the possibility of extent and feasibility of TCF being implemented or represented using DPV.
22:02:23 <harsh> The discussion was about how the terms differ between TCF and GDPR/DPV, and how an alignment or mapping is needed. Also that TCF is restricted in scope and values, whereas DPV is more expressive and thus complex.
22:02:52 <harsh> Martin will be sending a more detailed email to the group regarding this, with a dedicated implementation to be investigated from October onwards.
22:03:12 <harsh> Topic: Next meeting
22:03:27 <harsh> We will meet again in one week, SEP 07 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST
22:03:47 <harsh> Topics will be about data breach, SAR, rights, and any other item AOB or on existing agenda
22:03:52 <harsh> Date: 31 AUG 2022
22:03:58 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
22:03:58 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/09/06-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
22:04:04 <harsh> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
22:04:48 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
22:04:48 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
