20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harsh, tytti, beatriz
20:10:04 <harsh> Regrets: paul, georg, delaram
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 24 JAN 2024
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/31f00434-f01b-431d-a9d9-4ef690dd7c6d/20240124T150000/
20:09:57 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2024-01-24
20:10:04 <harsh> As there we only a few people on the call, we ended the call early with an agenda for next week.
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
20:10:04 <harsh> Next meeting will be in 1 week, on WED JAN-31 15:00 WET / 16:00 CET.
20:10:04 <harsh> Topics for discussion are updates on DPV v2 and updating github repo and issues by harsh, and updates on multi-lingual translations by harsh. Other items as they turn up in issues or mailing list.
