11:56:26 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
11:56:26 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/05/05-dpvcg-irc
11:56:30 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
11:56:33 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
11:56:37 <harsh> Chair: harsh
11:56:47 <harsh> Date: 05 MAY 2021
11:57:04 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021May/0002.html
12:07:35 <harsh> Present: paul, beatriz, julian, nishad
12:07:42 <harsh> present+: harsh
12:09:40 <harsh> Topic: Legal Bases
12:11:32 <harsh> OfficialAuthorityOfController for legal basis based on GDPR Art.6-1-e
12:12:17 <harsh> Note that official authority is derived from from law granting the authority
12:16:03 <harsh> PublicInterest as concept (agreed in previous meeting)
12:16:08 <harsh> Topic: Legitimate Interest
12:26:42 <harsh> Whose legitimate interest? Controller, Third Party, Data Subject
12:27:19 <harsh> Can there be a legitimate interest of the data subject? Can it exist without legitimate interest of the controller? e.g. data  co-operative
12:27:33 <harsh> How to distinguish between legitimate interest of controller vs third party?
13:02:32 <harsh> Proposal: have LegitimateInterest as class, with subclasses for Controller and ThirdParty
13:02:58 <harsh> Proposal: use hasController to indicate legitimate interest of a third party i.e. legitimate interest -- hasController --> third party
13:03:01 <harsh> Topic: Next meeting
13:03:07 <harsh> In 2 weeks, usual schedule
13:03:18 <harsh> 19 May 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST
13:03:34 <harsh> Paul has volunteered to submit proposals for Safeguard concepts
13:03:41 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:03:41 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been paul, beatriz, julian, nishad, :, harsh
13:03:41 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:03:43 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
13:03:43 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/05/05-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:03:47 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
13:11:56 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
13:11:56 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
