15:33:42 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
15:33:42 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/09/07-dpvcg-irc
15:33:49 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
15:33:52 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
15:33:55 <harsh> Chair: harsh
15:34:00 <harsh> Date: 07 SEP 2022
15:34:10 <harsh> Present: harsh, paul, georg, julian, beatriz
15:34:32 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Sep/0004.html
15:38:50 <harsh> Topic: ODRL-CG and DPVCG at TPAC
15:40:31 <harsh> See event details and agenda - https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/845fa609-cc65-414f-8960-3fff0c4c0467
15:41:33 <harsh> harsh, beatriz, georg, paul, victor will be present from DPVCG
15:42:33 <harsh> Others are welcome to join, please let us (harsh, victor) know if possible so we can keep track of participation
15:42:39 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
15:43:21 <harsh> we will be holding the next meeting on SEP-21 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST as most regular members are away at conference or on vacation next week
15:43:33 <harsh> Topic: DPV v1 planning
15:50:33 <harsh> The original schedule for DPV v1 estimated the release around September. That plan is no longer viable as there are several items pending, mostly related to documentation.
15:52:59 <harsh> The group discussed today what does "v1" should mean - where based on convention the first version implies some notion of stability in terms of non-changes and completeness
15:54:23 <harsh> For this, we consider whether 1) are any core concepts missing 2) any pertinent issues that must be resolved 3) have developed resources been applied and are useful
15:54:55 <harsh> The discussion yieded the following - we have identified the core concepts and none seem to be missing.
15:55:42 <harsh> The missing sections refer to concepts that can be added as research is completed. These refer to exercising of rights, data breach records, standards, complaint procedures.
15:56:12 <harsh> There is a lack of documentation, but the underlying concepts are deemed to be (fairly) complete.
15:56:42 <harsh> Therefore the specification can be put on a "release candidate" track (suggested by Julian) to invite specific comments with a view towards publishing as v1
15:57:05 <harsh> We keep the tentative date for this as OCT-15 to invite comments, after which we will resolve them and publish a v1.
15:57:47 <harsh> In the meantime, we put a freeze on making major changes (large additions avoided, minor corrections are okay).
15:58:32 <harsh> Volunteers for assisting with the documentation are needed and are invited to select what best suits their capabilities and interests
15:58:49 <harsh> For documentation, harsh is updating the primer - https://harshp.com/dpv-x/primer/, which contains notes on what sections and diagrams need changes and updating
15:59:07 <harsh> Similar changes are to be made to the specification i.e. adding textual descriptions to each section for introducing the concepts and structures.
15:59:55 <harsh> A list of use-cases is proposed to be created and added to show completeness of considerations that went into creating the DPV concepts. harsh has a proposal to automate this by creating a page for listing them - https://harshp.com/dpv-x/use-cases/
16:00:12 <harsh> Similarly, examples can be listed as proposed here - https://harshp.com/dpv-x/examples/
16:01:11 <harsh> A list of things that volunteers can help with is available here - https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues
16:02:42 <harsh> In addition to these, DPVCG has also planned to provide guides (explanation on DPV's concepts) for risk management, DPIA, ROPA, and consent - that provide an overview on what concepts within DPV are needed for each application
16:03:09 <harsh> In addition, and at a later date, some 'tutorials' that explain in a step-by-step manner how to implement DPV within some use-case would also provide helpful for adoption.
16:04:49 <harsh> Volunteers who want to implement specific things, e.g. write a section on technical measures - should let the group know of their interest so as to co-ordinate work. They are free to write and share it in whatever format they prefer (e.g. plain text, .docx, Google Docs).
16:05:33 <harsh> Topic: Rights
16:06:13 <harsh> DPV has the notion of Right and DataSubjectRight, with GDPR specific ones in DPV-GDPR. The group has previously discussed that these should be expanded to provide practical concepts necessary for exercising the rights and representing the process and their responses.
16:10:01 <harsh> Taking the example of GDPR's SAR and Data Portability (and other rights) the group agrees that it would be better to have DPV provide a basic notion of rights exercise (e.g. property `hasRightsExercise`), with the additional concepts (which are detailed and several) to be provided in the rights extension.
16:10:17 <harsh> DPV-GDPR then implements this extension for the specific requirements of its rights, i.e. SAR and Data Portability and others.
16:10:35 <harsh> rrsagent, published minutes v2
16:10:35 <RRSAgent> I'm logging. I don't understand 'published minutes v2', harsh.  Try /msg RRSAgent help
16:10:40 <harsh> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
16:11:01 <harsh> rrsagent, publishe minutes v2
16:11:01 <RRSAgent> I'm logging. I don't understand 'publishe minutes v2', harsh.  Try /msg RRSAgent help
16:11:04 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
16:11:04 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/09/07-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
16:11:33 <harsh> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
16:14:32 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
16:14:32 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
