13:04:43 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:04:48 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2023/08/03-dpvcg-irc
13:04:49 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
13:04:52 <harsh> repo: w3c/dpv
13:04:56 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
13:04:59 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:05:07 <harsh> Date: 10 AUG 2023
13:05:27 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/bb8bebec-928a-4095-9722-0c38de7db2f0/20230810T140000/
13:05:34 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
13:05:50 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-08-10
13:08:29 <harsh> Present: harsh, delaram
13:09:22 <harsh> Regrets: georg, paul, beatriz

13:24:50 <harsh> Topic: Risk Assessment
20:00:00 <harsh> Harsh, Delaram, Rob and Julio are discussing the risk assessment concepts and are close to consensus. Few concepts need to be confirmed before sharing the results back to the group.
14:29:28 <harsh> see #104
14:29:29 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/104 -> Issue 104  Re-evaluate Risk Assessment concepts (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [application] [help-wanted]

16:57:25 <harsh> Topic: AI Act
17:03:02 <harsh> \ See #106
20:00:00 <harsh> Discussions on planning ahead to integrate the AI Act concepts. Current status of the regulation is that it is in trilogue state (being discussed) and is expected to be published in early 2024. Rather than waiting for the final version, we can start with the current proposals as the final version will not be drastically different from these. Similar to DGA, we can undertake identifying relevant concepts (e.g. entities, data categories), and mapping them to relevant concepts in core DPV or its extensions. This would also allow us to understand what are the limitations that we need to address, which we can identify and discuss well before the final version comes out. Delaram will be leading this discussion.
17:03:02 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/106 -> Issue 106 Propose concepts from the AI Act (by coolharsh55)

17:04:47 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
17:05:06 <harsh> \ The next meeting will be in 1 week, on THU AUG-17 15:00 CEST.
17:05:26 <harsh> \ Agenda will continue from current topics on agenda as well as updates to topics discussed today.
