12:54:36 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:54:37 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/01/06-dpvcg-irc
12:54:45 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
12:55:01 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
12:55:13 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call 06-JAN-2021
12:55:18 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:56:30 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Jan/0000.html
13:00:55 <harsh> present+: NishadThalhath
13:02:14 <harsh> present+: PaulRyan
13:02:19 <harsh> present+: GeorgKrogg
13:05:07 <harsh> Topic: Publishing DPV and DPV-GDPR with documentation
13:08:00 <harsh> No comments, objections so far - either on mailing list or calls. So we will go ahead with publishing the v0.2 update(s).
13:08:08 <harsh> Topic: Future work/directions
13:09:57 <harsh> harsh: Use-cases, either theoretical or real-world uses from news or court decisions. And examples outlining how the concepts are used and the interpretations.
13:10:19 <harsh> GeorgKrogg: We are working on a collaborative of legal experts, who might contribute use-cases and examples.
13:10:49 <harsh> PaulRyan: Regarding ROPAs, there are some aspects which we have not mapped to DPV, which we can look into.
13:11:45 <harsh> GeorgKrogg: We (with harsh) wrote an article comparing 29184 requirements with GDPR. There are some gaps, and similarities. Should we support ISO? (question to the group)
13:21:09 <harsh> ISO standards could be specified as types of certifications or standards which are organisational measures.
13:21:40 <harsh> If a list of relevant standards is provided for existing DPV concepts - it would be good for organisations and documentation. Though someone has to do this work.
13:22:10 <harsh> harsh: We (funded project) are working on consent receipt updates, which we intend to feed back to the group once done.
13:22:48 <harsh> NishadThalhath: We are working on METAPROFILES using DPV where data publishing is declared
13:28:06 <harsh> Georg shared screen demoing Signatu's use of DPV in consent dialogue
13:28:37 <harsh> Uses concepts for data, processing, purpose, legal basis, recipients. Also mentions benefits which DPV is currently missing.
13:30:36 <harsh> ACTION: harsh to add 'benefits' to list of proposed concepts (hasBenefits, hasBenefitsFor)
13:30:36 <trackbot> Created ACTION-147 - Add 'benefits' to list of proposed concepts (hasbenefits, hasbenefitsfor) [on Harshvardhan J. Pandit - due 2021-01-13].
13:32:03 <harsh> (continued from Georg's demo) The concepts are then also used to generate Privacy Policies. These both come from the ROPA data provided.
13:56:28 <harsh> Topic: Next meeting
13:57:00 <harsh> 20 JAN 2021 13:00 WET / 14:00 CET
13:57:48 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:57:48 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been :, NishadThalhath, PaulRyan, GeorgKrogg
13:57:48 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:58:12 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
13:59:01 <harsh> rrsagent, draft minutes
13:59:01 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/01/06-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:59:07 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
13:59:07 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/01/06-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:00:32 <harsh> rrsagent, make logs public
14:00:51 <harsh> rrsagent, draft minutes
14:00:51 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/01/06-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:01:05 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
14:01:05 <RRSAgent> I see 1 open action item saved in https://www.w3.org/2021/01/06-dpvcg-actions.rdf :
14:01:05 <RRSAgent> ACTION: harsh to add 'benefits' to list of proposed concepts (hasBenefits, hasBenefitsFor) [1]
14:01:05 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2021/01/06-dpvcg-irc#T13-30-36
