13:01:24 <paul> Scribe: paul
13:01:26 <paul> repo: w3c/dpv
13:01:27 <ghurlbot> OK.
13:01:33 <paul> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
13:01:36 <paul> Chair: paul
13:02:43 <paul> Date: 27 APR 2023
13:04:18 <paul> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/2a930fa0-4dd1-4a89-87d0-c87defee9a2f
13:07:14 <paul> Present: paul, georg, julian, markLizar, beatriz
13:07:14 <paul> Regrets: harsh
13:07:14 <paul> Topic: DGA
13:07:14 <paul> Georg and Beatriz are gathering concepts to express the EU Data Governance Act  - This is a work in progress and we should put it on the agenda for  next week 
13:07:14 <paul> Topic: Data Breach
13:07:14 <paul> #64 
13:07:14 <paul> There are no new concepts offered for the breach, although Georg requires a concept for breach/incident notification 
13:07:14 <paul> The attendees suggest a general discussion on concepts for notification. 
13:07:14 <paul> Mark has presented some  of his work  in this area and there may be merit in  modeling concepts  around notifications  
13:07:14 <paul> Mark gave a high-level overview of his work of notice consents /receipts. He is keen to have a  modeling solution for notices in general, hence we suggested a broader discussion on this topic. This may cover Georg's breach and incident notice requirement
