14:50:50 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
14:50:50 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/12/07-dpvcg-irc
14:53:31 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
14:53:34 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
14:53:38 <harsh> Chair: harsh
14:53:42 <harsh> Present: harsh, georg, paul, julian
14:53:49 <harsh> Regrets: beatriz, delaram
14:53:55 <harsh> Date: 07 DEC 2022
14:54:08 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Dec/0002.html
14:54:20 <harsh> Topic: DPV v1 release
14:54:31 <harsh> See email https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Dec/0001.html
14:54:40 <harsh> See announcement https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/2022/12/05/dpv-v1-release/
14:54:49 <harsh> Topic: Next Steps
14:55:11 <harsh> Standardisation, engagement with stakeholders - especially DPAs
14:55:27 <harsh> Considerations on how do we show usefulness, e.g. applications such as ROPA, DPIA
14:55:48 <harsh> Helping make the argument for "structured" information to help with documentation and compliance checking tasks
14:56:26 <harsh> Simultaneously, we want to continue refinements on Data Breaches, Data Transfers, Jurisdiction (law, locations, authorities), Risk management, etc.
14:56:41 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
14:57:17 <harsh> We will meet again in 1 week, on WED 14-DEC at 13:00 WET / 14:00 CET
14:57:53 <harsh> The agenda will be discussing refinements on topics, preference given to Risk management and Jurisdiction (DPV-Legal)
14:57:58 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
14:57:58 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/12/07-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:58:05 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
15:08:23 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
15:08:23 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
