13:01:18 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:01:22 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2023/06/01-dpvcg-irc
13:01:22 <ghurlbot> ghurlbot has joined #dpvcg
13:01:24 <beatriz> Scribe: beatriz
13:01:26 <beatriz> repo: w3c/dpv
13:01:33 <beatriz> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
13:01:36 <beatriz> Chair: beatriz
13:02:43 <beatriz> Date: 29 JUN 2023
13:04:18 <beatriz> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/bb8bebec-928a-4095-9722-0c38de7db2f0
13:07:14 <beatriz> present: beatriz, georg, paul, delaram, mark, ted
13:07:14 <beatriz> regrets: harsh

13:07:14 <beatriz> Topic: Data Breach extension
13:07:14 <beatriz> review of data breach document
13:07:14 <beatriz> see email: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Jun/0003.html
13:07:14 <beatriz> see document: https://harshp.com/dpv-x/data-breach/
13:07:14 <beatriz> ghurlbot, get #64
13:07:14 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/64 -> Issue 64 Provide concepts for Data Breach (coolharsh55)
13:07:14 <beatriz> review by: georg, paul, julian
13:07:14 <beatriz> georg and paul went through the data breach document.
13:07:14 <beatriz> georg: two issues: (1) include in the document the examples mentioned in EDPB’s guidelines on data breaches and (2) align the labeling of the data breaches notification concepts with the NIS 2 directive
13:07:14 <beatriz> ACTION: Include EDPB examples in the Data Breach document
13:07:14 <beatriz> ACTION: Investigate NIS2 notification concepts for use with Data Breach notifications
13:07:14 <beatriz> paul: agree with these suggestions; is it possible to check a spreadsheet with the data breaches concepts and its definitions 
13:07:14 <beatriz> ACTION: Create spreadsheet with Data Breach concepts
13:07:14 <beatriz> ACTION: Finish sections 7 to 9 of data breaches document for people to review it for next week’s meeting

13:07:14 <beatriz> Topic: Impact of changes from DGA
13:07:14 <beatriz> ghurlbot, get #62
13:07:14 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/62 -> Issue 89 Add DGA/eIDAas entities (coolharsh55)
13:07:14 <beatriz> There was an agreement between the participants that the best course of action would be to change the labels of the terms from personal data to ‘any’ data and do it as soon as possible.
13:07:14 <beatriz> ted: (and mark) how to make a distinction between what is personal or non-personal data, this might change according to the context, might be something that is out of scope for the activities of the group but the general feeling is that it is worth to discuss it
13:07:14 <beatriz> paul: what is going to happen with the personal data handling concept and all the properties that connect it with the other taxonomies – should be model a higher level concept for ‘any’ data handling and a non-personal data handling?
13:07:14 <beatriz> \ Consensus was that this should be something that we define as soon as possible to move forward with the work on DGA and other regulations
13:07:14 <beatriz> mark: is it in the scope of DPV to model secondary uses of data?
13:07:14 <beatriz> ACTION: Finalise decisions on the impact of proposed changes from DGA modelling

13:07:14 <beatriz> Topic: Multilingual Translations
13:07:14 <beatriz> \ ghurlbot, get #89
13:07:14 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/89 -> Issue 89 Multi-lingual labels and descriptions for concepts (coolharsh55)
13:07:14 <beatriz> \ No updates

13:07:14 <beatriz> Topic: Data Governance Act
13:07:14 <beatriz> \ ghurlbot, get #62
13:07:14 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/62 -> Issue 89 Add DGA/eIDAas entities (coolharsh55)
13:07:14 <beatriz> \ Proposed terms for DGA have been moved to dpv repo under `dpv-dga`, see PR by beatriz https://github.com/w3c/dpv/pull/97
13:07:14 <beatriz> \ ghurlbot, get #97
13:07:14 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/97 -> Issue 97 add proposed terms from DGA (besteves4)
13:07:14 <beatriz> \ PR by Ted accepted - it fixes typos and other minor corrections
13:07:14 <beatriz> \ ghurlbot, get #98
13:07:14 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/98 -> Issue 98 Fix various typos and such (TallTed)
13:07:14 <beatriz> \ Shared spreadsheet with participants to review concepts and their definitions.
13:07:14 <beatriz> \ There was an agreement on adding the processing operations to the main DPV spec.
13:07:14 <beatriz> \ Discussions around the usage of /altruistic purposes/ – there was an agreement of separating the ‘/data altruism/’ concept from the purposes themselves and use both concepts simultaneously to flag an altruistic purpose, i.e., `ex:altruisticScientificResearch rdf:type dpv:DataAltruism, dpv:ScientificResearch`.
13:07:14 <beatriz> ACTION: Participants will review DGA concepts for discussion next week

13:07:14 <beatriz> Topic: Next Meeting
13:07:14 <beatriz> \ The next meeting will be in 1 week on JUL-06 at 14:00 WEST / 15:00 CEST.
13:07:14 <beatriz> \ Topics for discussion will include (1) Review sections 7 to 9 of data breaches document; (2) Impact of proposed changes from DGA modelling; (3) Review DGA concepts.
