13:04:54 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:04:54 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/11/11-dpvcg-irc
13:05:06 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
13:05:26 <harsh> zakim, this will be DPVCG Meeting Call 11-NOV-2020
13:05:26 <Zakim> ok, harsh
13:05:53 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
13:08:09 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call 11-NOV-2020
13:08:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:08:27 <harsh> Topic: (continuation) resolution of proposed terms to DPV
13:08:42 <harsh> document: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11bjy424zwC_j4bj9pnhmmI8o7RgrJfX4NgsZ31iR3Wo/edit?usp=sharing
13:14:25 <harsh> user agent: needs more discussion on where to place within the DPV hierarchy
13:14:44 <harsh> HTTP request: rejected as too broad, non-specific as personal data (PD)
13:15:04 <harsh> user agent string: rejected, means same as or contains same information as user agent
13:32:18 <harsh> Request target (or HTTP request): needs more specific description; see proposed term related to "UsageHistory" or activity
13:32:29 <harsh> IP address: already exists
13:39:46 <harsh> HTTP cookies: relates to technology and not personal data; we have a separate discussion on how to associate technologies
13:46:58 <harsh> Actions on website: will be classified as browsing behaviour
13:48:08 <harsh> Unique Device Identifier (UDID): comes under Device Based and UID
14:13:06 <harsh> Payment card number: we have credit card number (but as financial account identifier). We add a generic payment card number as parent class to that.
14:13:30 <harsh> Issue: how to specify associated properties such as card's expiry date or CVV such that "card details" will cover all of these?
14:13:30 <trackbot> Created ISSUE-40 - How to specify associated properties such as card's expiry date or cvv such that "card details" will cover all of these?.  Please complete additional details at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/40/edit>.
14:14:08 <harsh> Customer's orders and suggestions, incidents, complaints: Add term as Feedback with specific categories as sub-classes
14:16:09 <harsh> Browser plugins: is too specific, we will have Device Software and sub-classes for operating system and apps
14:28:47 <harsh> last login: Too specific, we will have Authentication History
14:41:28 <harsh> Next meeting: next week 10:00am (Dublin, London) / 11:00am (CET) continuation on resolution of proposed terms
14:41:58 <harsh> Present: harsh, Georg, Beatriz, Rana
14:42:07 <harsh> Date: 11 Nov 2020
14:42:36 <harsh> zakim, bye
14:42:36 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, Georg, Beatriz, Rana
14:42:36 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
14:42:43 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
14:42:49 <harsh> rrsagent, draft minutes v2
14:42:49 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/11/11-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:48:10 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
14:48:10 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
