11:56:22 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
11:56:22 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/04/21-dpvcg-irc
11:56:32 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
11:56:38 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
11:56:41 <harsh> Chair: harsh
11:56:50 <harsh> Date: 21 APR 2021
11:57:02 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Apr/0003.html
12:03:02 <harsh> Present: paul, georg, julian, julio
12:05:40 <harsh> Topic: Legal Basis - LegalObligation and LegalCompliance
12:08:44 <harsh> legal obligation is that obligation as dictated by law or a legal requirement e.g. warrant
12:08:56 <harsh> Present+: beatriz
12:10:23 <harsh> legal compliance is activity taken to be compliant or demonstrate compliance
12:18:54 <harsh> last discussion (and current) around ComplianceWithLegalObligation as the phrasing (similar to Art.6-1-c)
12:19:23 <harsh> Present+: rana, nishad
12:22:42 <harsh> consensus that we use LegalObligation
12:24:03 <harsh> Topic: Other legal basis
12:26:22 <harsh> we have (following art-6) - vital interest of data subject, performance of a task in public interest, exercise of official authority vested in controller, legitimate interest
12:26:42 <harsh> we use similar notation (short form e.g. LegitimateInterest)
12:26:54 <harsh> taking examples of each to ensure they are interpreted consistently
12:30:46 <harsh> paul: we can have vital interest as a parent concept, and vital interest of data subject as child concept
12:32:37 <harsh> georg: example of vital interest would be emergency services
12:36:04 <harsh> Present+: marklizar
12:38:18 <harsh> We have VitalInterest -> VitalInterestOfNaturalPerson -> VitalInterestOfDataSubject
12:39:57 <harsh> next basis: 6-1-e Public Interest and Official Authority in Controller
12:47:39 <harsh> PublicInterest as a concept under LegalBasis
12:50:18 <harsh> proposal: OfficialAuthorityOfController
12:51:05 <harsh> We stop discussion on these for the day
12:58:21 <harsh> zakim, bye
12:58:21 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been paul, georg, julian, julio, :, beatriz, rana, nishad, marklizar
12:58:21 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:01:27 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting / Call
13:01:56 <harsh> Mark and Paul have expressed interest in having discussion on topics, so we will have the meeting room open - anyone can join.
13:02:22 <harsh> Open discussion on WED APR-28 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST
13:02:39 <harsh> Resuming discussion on topics on WED MAY-05 13:00 WEST / CEST
13:03:23 <harsh> s/CEST/14:00 CEST/
13:03:43 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
13:03:43 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/04/21-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:03:49 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
13:06:13 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
13:06:13 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
