15:07:48 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
15:07:48 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/10/29-dpvcg-irc
15:07:50 <trackbot> RRSAgent, make logs public
15:07:50 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
15:07:52 <trackbot> Meeting: Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group Teleconference
15:07:52 <trackbot> Date: 29 October 2019
15:08:23 <agendabot> agendabot has joined #dpvcg
15:08:23 <axelpolleres> I'd appreaciate if ber could chair, I am still stuck in meetings and afraid, it won't end as soon as I hoped... sorry about that.
15:08:27 <Bert> agenda: https://www.w3.org/mid/66526185-67B1-41A1-8A76-1B04D707BAF5@wu.ac.at
15:08:28 <agendabot> clear agenda
15:08:28 <agendabot> agenda+ Roll call, select scribe, agenda
15:08:28 <agendabot> agenda+ approve last time minutes:
15:08:29 <agendabot> agenda+ Action items
15:08:31 <agendabot> agenda+ Issues
15:08:34 <agendabot> agenda+ look over Fajar's document... do we still need it?
15:08:36 <agendabot> agenda+ Liaisons: for one but next time (12 November), I plan to invite Christoph Lange, who promised to tell us about the Industrial Data Spaces project, and their Information Model, which has some
15:08:40 <agendabot> agenda+ AOB
15:08:55 <axelpolleres> @Bert, ok for you to jump in chairing?
15:08:59 <Fajar> \scribe fajar
15:09:04 <Bert> zakim, take up agendum 1
15:09:04 <Zakim> agendum 1. "Roll call, select scribe, agenda" taken up [from agendabot]
15:09:17 <Fajar> scribe @Fajar
15:09:36 <Fajar> scribe: Fajar
15:09:43 <Bud> Bud has joined #dpvcg
15:10:11 <Bert> -> https://www.w3.org/2019/10/15-dpvcg-minutes last meeting
15:10:29 <Bert> zakim, take up agendum 2
15:10:29 <Zakim> agendum 2. "approve last time minutes:" taken up [from agendabot]
15:10:46 <Bert> resolved: minutes accepted
15:10:58 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:10:58 <Bert> zakim, take up agendum 3
15:10:58 <Zakim> agendum 3. "Action items" taken up [from agendabot]
15:11:03 <Bert> -> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/open action items
15:11:44 <bud> bud has joined #dpvcg
15:12:46 <Fajar> Fajar: Action 128 is still ongoing - most of the tasks assigned to Harsh
15:13:48 <Bert> action-130?
15:13:48 <trackbot> action-130 -- Bud P. Bruegger to Discuss with eva to start a use case document? -- due 2019-09-10 -- OPEN
15:13:48 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/130
15:13:56 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:14:33 <Fajar> Bud: Action 130 and 131 is ongoing and he sent the summary of the current progress to the mailing list
15:14:42 <Bert> s/131/132
15:14:45 <axelpolleres> the only thing i have to report is that IDS got back to us on  liaisons, more  on theat in two weeks.
15:15:17 <axelpolleres> Sorry again for dropping off short notice today, regrets and thanks to Bert for jumping in!
15:16:20 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:17:40 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:19:55 <Fajar> Bud: Eva and Harsh has discussed the use case, and hopefully will have the use case definition by the end of the week (action-130).
15:21:23 <Fajar> Bud: the use case is about online shopping, additional use case would be interesting to have.
15:21:44 <Fajar> Fajar: will write to christoph fabianek (OwnYOurData) regarding the potential additional use case for the DPVCG
15:21:55 <Bert> -> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues issues
15:22:00 <Bert> zakim, take up agendum 4
15:22:01 <Zakim> agendum 4. "Issues" taken up [from agendabot]
15:25:30 <Fajar> Bud: issue-3 is already linked to action-132, but will not addressing the issue altogether, might be as an input to solve the issue.
15:26:12 <Bert> issue-14?
15:26:12 <trackbot> issue-14 -- We may want to add a non-normative comment in the spec that/how the taxonomy can be used as skos. -- open
15:26:12 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/14
15:26:18 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:27:18 <Bert> issue-15?
15:27:18 <trackbot> issue-15 -- Personal data cateories collected might be collected in an approximate manner (e.g. age vs. age range), should we provide a mechanism in the vocabulary to distinguish this? -- open
15:27:18 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/15
15:28:52 <Fajar> Bud: issue-15 is related to the precision of the data collected from data subject, e.g., on the location accuracy (cm vs metre)
15:33:13 <Fajar> Bud: it will need a lot of efforts to be able to address this issue, since there are many complications to it
15:36:56 <Fajar> Bert: probably we can suggest standard solutions to this problem, but currently we don't know yet what are the standards
15:38:14 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:38:49 <Bert> issue-16?
15:38:49 <trackbot> issue-16 -- Do we need to further structure consent notice? -- open
15:38:49 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/16
15:40:14 <Fajar> bud: on issue-16, bud will try to find his notes on this, and will send it around if he found it.
15:40:44 <Bert> issue-18?
15:40:44 <trackbot> issue-18 -- Do we need further temporal annotations for the personal data handling class? -- open
15:40:44 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/18
15:41:06 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:44:39 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:46:35 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:46:39 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has left #dpvcg
15:47:09 <Fajar> Fajar: what does it really means? probably we need to clarify it with Axel
15:51:23 <Fajar> Bert: the information about consent is actually equipped with the temporal information, not sure what would be the scope of the issue mentioned by Axel here
15:51:36 <bud_> bud_ has joined #dpvcg
15:52:07 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:52:13 <Bert> issue-19?
15:52:13 <trackbot> issue-19 -- Do we need a generic mechanism to describe conditions, constraints and restrcitions to a specific processing or data category or can we re-use odrl's mechanism? -- raised
15:52:13 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/19
15:53:37 <Fajar> all: postpone the decision on the raised issue until the next call
15:53:47 <Bert> zakim, take up agendum 5
15:53:47 <Zakim> agendum 5. "look over Fajar's document... do we still need it?" taken up [from agendabot]
15:56:08 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:57:25 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:57:48 <Fajar> action Fajar: convert feedback from the spreadsheet into raised issues
15:57:49 <trackbot> Created ACTION-134 - Convert feedback from the spreadsheet into raised issues [on Fajar Ekaputra - due 2019-11-05].
16:00:05 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
16:01:26 <Fajar> rssagent, create minutes
16:02:10 <Fajar> rssagent, help
16:02:25 <Fajar> RSSAgent, create minutes
16:03:40 <Fajar> Scribe: Fajar
16:06:59 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes
16:06:59 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/10/29-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
16:07:39 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
16:07:39 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/10/29-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
16:08:27 <Fajar> thanks!
16:09:01 <Bert> s/\scribe fajar//
16:09:12 <Bert> s/scribe @Fajar//
16:09:38 <Bert> present: Bud, Fajar, Bert
16:09:46 <Bert> chair: Bert
16:09:53 <Bert> Regrets: Axel
16:10:09 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
16:10:09 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/10/29-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
16:10:34 <Bert> s/Eva and Harsh has/Eva and Harsh have
16:11:29 <Bert> s/what does it really means/what does it really mean
16:12:11 <Bert> s/what does it really means/
16:12:26 <Bert> s/rssagent, create minutes/
16:12:37 <Bert> s/rssagent, help/
16:12:50 <Bert> s/RSSAgent, create minutes/
16:12:57 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
16:12:57 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/10/29-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
16:14:01 <Bert> previous meeting: https://www.w3.org/2019/10/15-dpvcg-minutes
16:14:29 <Bert> next meeting: https://www.w3.org/2019/11/12-dpvcg-minutes
16:57:31 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
16:57:31 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/10/29-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
