15:35:05 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #odrl
15:35:05 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/09/12-odrl-irc
15:35:06 <Soheil_R> Soheil_R has joined #ODRL
15:35:15 <victor> Zakim, start the meeting
15:35:15 <Zakim> RRSAgent, make logs Public
15:35:16 <Zakim> please title this meeting ("meeting: ..."), victor
15:35:29 <victor> this meeting is ODRL at TPAC
15:35:50 <victor> present+ acimmino
15:35:54 <victor> present+ Jcano
15:36:02 <victor> present+ Nicoletta
15:36:08 <victor> present+ Shoeil_R
15:36:42 <GabrielHuecas> GabrielHuecas has joined #ODRL
15:38:04 <victor> present+ GabrielHuecas
15:38:20 <victor> Zakim, list attendees
15:38:20 <Zakim> As of this point the attendees have been acimmino, Jcano, Nicoletta, Shoeil_R, GabrielHuecas
15:39:19 <victor> agenda+ Introduction of the participants
15:40:23 <victor> Gabriel: participation in Fiware, GaiaX, slow development
15:41:12 <victor> Andrea: EU funded project AURORAL
15:42:08 <victor> Juan: In Andrea's team
15:44:59 <victor> Nicoletta: formal model to check compliance to ODRL policy
15:45:19 <victor> Nicoletta: temporal evolution of state of policies.
15:46:28 <beatriz_esteves> beatriz_esteves has joined #odrl
15:47:16 <victor> Soheil: PhD student supervised by Nicoletta, working as a team
15:47:25 <victor> scribe @victor
15:47:41 <victor> scribe: victor
15:47:45 <victor> scribe: @victor
15:51:35 <victor> Beatriz: PhD student at UPM
15:51:47 <victor> Beatriz: Future ODRL needs Formal semantics
15:55:14 <victor> Gabriel: +1
15:55:36 <victor> Andrea: validation, conformance, compliance, standard behaviour on certain policies
15:55:58 <victor> Soheil: odrl represent actions as classes
15:58:46 <victor> Nicoletta: There are different use cases, very different. Survey of uses would be of interest.
15:59:14 <victor> Nicoletta: I am interested if there has been IN THE PAST a violation; Access Control is slightly different, because violations cannot happen.
15:59:44 <victor> Nicoletta: documentation must answer the question "how can ODRL be used?"
16:01:47 <victor> Nicoletta: https://github.com/w3c/odrl/blob/master/formal-semantics/Compliance%20checking%20ODRL%20policies.md
16:27:31 <victor> Victor: presents history of odrl
16:27:40 <victor> agenda+ Formalization
16:27:59 <victor> Victor: on the convenience of having regular meeting, or how to continue
16:29:15 <victor> victor: need to define software artifacts and their behaviours, test beds, conformance
16:29:25 <victor> Andrea: equivalent tests were made in the IoT system
16:30:45 <victor> https://www.w3.org/participate/implementation
16:34:08 <victor> Nicoletta: we have two tasks ahead, describing the representation and implementing the behaviour.
16:38:29 <victor> Victor: current specs are still poor https://w3c.github.io/odrl/formal-semantics/
16:42:02 <victor> Victor: we need the help of others
16:42:09 <victor> Piero Bonatti https://www.docenti.unina.it/webdocenti-be/allegati/contenuti/1487368
16:45:50 <victor> Victor: but we need further development
16:48:54 <victor> Nicoletta: ok, lets meet again, but action on Beatriz to describe the Access Control scenario
16:49:03 <victor> Nicoletta which is not the same as the Policy Monitoring scenario
16:49:14 <victor> Andrea: presents some slides
16:51:50 <victor> Andrea: AURORAL project. (see slides)
17:03:47 <victor> Soheil: is there any blockchain in here?
17:03:56 <victor> Andra: no, there isnt, this would be a different use case.
17:08:39 <victor> Nicoletta: in some cases strict access control is not the best choice
17:09:00 <victor> Nicoletta: for example access control to medical records, may save lives if the official permission system is overriden in case of emergency
17:09:24 <victor> Nicoletta: violations are in some situations very useful!
17:09:36 <victor> Nicoletta: congrats for your presentation
17:12:13 <victor> rrsagent, create minutes
17:12:13 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/09/12-odrl-minutes.html victor
17:13:12 <victor> present+ beatriz_esteves
17:14:33 <victor> ACTION: to create new use cases
17:14:50 <victor> RESOLUTION: next Formal Semantics meeting after this progress has been verified
17:14:59 <victor> rrsagent, create minutes
17:14:59 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/09/12-odrl-minutes.html victor
17:15:20 <victor> present+ victor
17:15:37 <victor>  rrsagent, create minutes
17:15:37 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/09/12-odrl-minutes.html victor
17:22:14 <victor> end this meeting
17:22:19 <victor> Zakim, end this meeting
17:22:19 <Zakim> As of this point the attendees have been acimmino, Jcano, Nicoletta, Shoeil_R, GabrielHuecas, beatriz_esteves, victor
17:22:21 <Zakim> RRSAgent, please draft minutes
17:22:21 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/09/12-odrl-minutes.html Zakim
17:22:25 <Zakim> I am happy to have been of service, victor; please remember to excuse RRSAgent.  Goodbye
17:22:30 <Zakim> Zakim has left #odrl
