12:03:47 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:03:47 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/05/19-dpvcg-irc
12:03:50 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
12:03:54 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
12:03:58 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:04:07 <harsh> Present: harsh, paul, nishad, david
12:04:45 <harsh> Date: 19 MAY 2021
12:04:56 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021May/0003.html
12:05:11 <harsh> present+: beatriz
12:07:46 <harsh> Topic: Legitimate Interest
12:10:24 <harsh> last discussion ended on LI subclasses for data controller and third party
12:10:48 <harsh> proposal was to have LegitimateInterestOfThirdParty and specify the ThirdParty using hasDataController property
12:25:21 <harsh> Discussion on how to specify a specific Third Party is associated with LegitimateInterestOfThirdParty.
12:27:08 <harsh> david: (David Hickey) Controller may have contract with ThirdParty (e.g. insurance and fraud detection) where that legal bases are estalblished
12:32:27 <harsh> put a note mentioning the various possibilities of associating third parties with their legitimate interest
12:32:43 <harsh> nishad: how to define LI? Is there a specific definition.
12:32:57 <harsh> discussion on interest, legitimate interest, and what constitutes legitimate
12:39:32 <harsh> For GDPR's data transfer legal bases, these will be extensions of these legal bases
12:39:39 <harsh> Topic: Update on moving repos on GitHub under W3C
12:40:05 <harsh> we're in the process of finalising the repo under W3C
12:40:20 <harsh> Topic: process of updating/adding terms
12:41:05 <harsh> okay with the current process; value in discussions
12:41:16 <harsh> people also discuss use-cases and then come up with terms
12:43:15 <harsh> Should we capture the use-cases? How?
12:44:08 <harsh> paul: there are currently some areas that are shallow, some more enriched, we can give more focus to enrice the areas lacking in terms
12:46:03 <harsh> we could have parallel working groups that work on specific concepts and then propose a more streamlined proposal
12:56:06 <harsh> Nishad: there should be something for 'privacy' that relates to privacy concerns of for non-legal adopters to make it easier for them to use.
12:59:13 <harsh> Topic: Next meeting
12:59:28 <harsh> Next meeting will be in 2 weeks, JUN-02 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST
12:59:39 <harsh> Harsh may be unavailable (attending a conference)
12:59:45 <harsh> Beatriz will chair the meeting
12:59:59 <harsh> Paul and David have agreed to take a look at safeguards and tech&org measures
13:00:06 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:00:06 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, paul, nishad, david, :, beatriz
13:00:06 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:00:13 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
13:00:13 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/05/19-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:00:14 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
13:43:45 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
13:43:45 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
