11:54:32 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
11:54:32 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/04/20-dpvcg-irc
12:01:46 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
12:01:58 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
12:02:01 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:02:12 <harsh> Present: harsh,paul,georg
12:02:20 <harsh> Date: 20 APR 2022
12:02:36 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Apr/0010.html
12:09:13 <harsh> Present+: mark,jan,beatriz
12:09:49 <harsh> Topic: Fixes to Processing concepts
12:10:04 <harsh> Removed concept ~MatchingCombining~ from Processing Context module, and added   ~Match~ as a processing operation. ~Combine~ already exists as a processing   operation. This provides consistency in processing operations, and   distinction from context (e.g. automated decision making can be involved in   any processing operation, whereas match/combine are types of processing   operations). This is relevant for A.35 DPIA as specified by A29WP guidelines.
12:10:11 <harsh> - Added concept ~Generate~ as a processing operation to distinguish when data is   generated or created without deriving it from existing data or collecting it   from another source. E.g. an identifier created and assigned to an individual   is generated data, as it is not any of: collect, derive, etc. ~Generate~ is a   subclass of ~Obtain~.
12:10:20 <harsh> Added concept ~Infer~ to correspond with data categories ~InferredPersonalData~
12:10:20 <harsh>   and provide distinction from Derive as in obtain from existing data, and infer
12:10:20 <harsh>   as in obtain without any correlation or existence from existing data.
12:10:41 <harsh> Topic: Accountability and related concepts
12:10:48 <harsh> Session chaired by paul and georg
12:10:59 <harsh> Discussion on ICO Accountability Framework https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/accountability-framework/
12:14:00 <harsh> paul: Recent paper investigating accountability with ROPA data. Title: "Support for Enhanced GDPR Accountability with the Common Semantic Model for ROPA (CSM-ROPA)" https://doi.org/10.1007/s42979-022-01099-9
12:14:31 <harsh> ICO accountability framework is a collection of questions, some of which are related to GDPR clauses, and others related to management activities. DPV could be used for some of these.
12:17:31 <harsh> jan: email (https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Apr/0024.html) enquiring how entities are supposed to exchange and reuse ROPA data
12:18:11 <harsh> harsh: It isn't advisable to directly use someone else's data, for legal and accountability reasons. Instead, the data would be integrated or copied into the organisation's ROPA. E.g. Controller takes Processor's implemented technical measures.
12:28:48 <harsh> paul: Accountability concepts that have been met needs to be specified - automatically populating this information would be of value
12:30:29 <harsh> georg: Julian proposed the property `isRequiredFor` to specify a concept is required for some accountability concept
12:31:38 <harsh> harsh: I would suggest doing it the other way around, specifying an accountability concept is linked to a concept and specify what is the association e.g. is necessary to be carried out, to be declared, exists, etc. This is because the property `isRequiredFor` doesn't indicate what the requirement is, and whether its conditional or has obligations. This restricts the usefulness of that linking.
12:41:04 <harsh> Discussion on what this work means for DPVCG.
12:41:37 <harsh> harsh: We could identify concepts e.g. PolicyForDataProtectionTraining as an OrganisationalMeasure, but there will also be a gap in how the organisation implements that concept e.g. are these policies readily available.
12:42:10 <harsh> georg: We could indicate what concepts are needed for another concept, such as concepts for policy in ICO Accountability Tracker, which would be of use to help organisations complete the framework.
12:59:31 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
12:59:48 <harsh> We will meet again next week WED APR-27 14:00 CEST
13:00:16 <harsh> Topics for discussion will be proposed Technology concepts, association of ISO and other standards to DPV concepts, and anything else that ends up on the mailing list.
13:00:18 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:00:18 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, paul, georg, :, mark, jan, beatriz
13:00:18 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:00:26 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
13:00:26 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/04/20-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:00:28 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
13:02:22 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
13:02:22 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
