20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:01 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2023/09/14-dpvcg-irc
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harsh, georg, paul, iain, delaram
20:09:30 <harsh> Regrets: beatriz
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 20 SEP 2023
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/3228df35-afc8-4125-be1d-219c5cfd3aff/20230920T150000/
20:09:57 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-09-20
20:14:33 <harsh> Reminder that there are two MAJOR changes planned - see #99 inclusion of non-personal data in scope; and #107 changes to repo structure
20:14:33 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99 -> Issue 99 Proposal to change DPV scope to include Non-Personal Data (by coolharsh55) [scope] [concepts] [question]
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/107 -> Issue 107 Restructure repo layout (by coolharsh55) [documentation] [question]
20:14:51 <harsh> Topic: ISO/IEC 27560
20:17:01 <harsh> harsh: work in progress is here - https://harshp.com/dpv-x/guides/consent-27560, planning to finish the draft and share for review. Following this, we will also look at ISO 29184.
20:17:01 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/90 -> Issue 90 Provide guidance for implementing ISO/IEC 27560 Consent Records using DPV (coolharsh55) documentation, use-case, application
20:14:51 <harsh> Topic: RDFS/SKOS default serialisation
20:14:51 <harsh> \ See email - https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Sep/0024.html
20:14:51 <harsh> No objections or further comments.
20:17:01 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
20:17:01 <harsh> We will meet again on WED SEP-27 15:00 WEST / 16:00 CEST. Agenda is AOB.