07:25:49 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
07:25:49 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/04/04-dpvcg-irc
07:28:10 <harsh> are we having a webex call as well?
07:29:22 <axelpolleres> no webex.
07:31:30 <simonstey> simonstey has joined #dpvcg
07:31:39 <simonstey> can you call again harsh?
07:31:58 <harsh> calling
07:35:34 <rigo> unfortunately, the opensuse distribution f'cked up the ekiga package. That means I have no H.323 implementation
07:41:21 <rigo> have to restart now, CU
07:42:52 <harsh> a32 says Security of Processing
07:43:28 <simonstey> scribe: simonstey
07:43:34 <elmar> elmar has joined #dpvcg
07:43:43 <axelpolleres> scribenick: simonstey
07:43:53 <simonstey> present+
07:44:05 <axelpolleres> present+
07:44:05 <Fajar> Fajar has joined #dpvcg
07:44:06 <Bert> present+
07:44:20 <Ramisa> Ramisa has joined #dpvcg
07:44:38 <simonstey> axelpolleres: overall ontology was inspired by the image sent around by axel
07:45:04 <simonstey> ... it shows the anchor points
07:45:40 <simonstey> ... [axel explains the individual top concepts]
07:45:45 <Bert> Meeting: DPVCG ftf day 1
07:46:32 <simonstey> ... if you comment on which articles are involved we may want to amend their definition
07:47:07 <simonstey> ... for now we have several top concepts (for data controller we dont have a respective property yet)
07:47:43 <harsh> q+
07:47:47 <simonstey> javier: for properties you have domain/range, for classes the type hierarchy
07:47:49 <rigo> rigo has joined #dpvcg
07:48:16 <simonstey> ... a list of related terms, the source ontology
07:49:13 <simonstey> ... for each of the terms you should also note the date it was added (e.g. 4.4 for today)
07:52:42 <simonstey> axelpolleres: the idea of having a single ontology is that this allows for easier integration
07:54:56 <axelpolleres> PROPOSED: We will use http://www.w3.org/ns/priv as the main namespace, if avialable, otherwise https://w3id.org/priv/
07:54:57 <simonstey> [discussing namespace issues]
07:56:29 <simonstey> simonstey: "main ns" as in only ns, or as in base namespace
07:57:10 <simonstey> axelpolleres: we want to get a stable version out
07:57:49 <simonstey> Bud: Privacy vs. Protection?
07:58:56 <simonstey> ... I prefer protection over privacy, as privacy comes more from "invading personal space" and data protection is more broader
07:59:11 <simonstey> mark: what about data protection for privacy?
07:59:28 <simonstey> axelpolleres: this affects the ns discussion if we change that
07:59:59 <simonstey> ... well the group was always called data PRIVACY voc. ...
08:00:14 <simonstey> bud: wait.. I thought it's protection
08:00:58 <simonstey> ... data protection protects both article 7 and 8 of the european [?]
08:01:13 <simonstey> ... but only art. 7 is about privacy
08:02:11 <simonstey> ... in the communities I'm involved in, they always use data protection
08:02:46 <simonstey> axelpolleres: there was this other working group/workshop martin kunze attended
08:02:51 <simonstey> ... that mentioned privacy
08:04:25 <simonstey> mark: it's a very weird topic.. but the GDPR uses both protection and privacy
08:04:37 <simonstey> axelpolleres: maybe not fix the ns acronym to priv yet
08:05:50 <simonstey> bud: what's the scope of e.g. the legal basis part?
08:06:11 <simonstey> ... should it be internationally also?
08:06:33 <simonstey> axelpolleres: I outlined that in the gdoc document
08:06:46 <simonstey> ... https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z3Eb5rZjrdWcE5u5o0CYzA_LPyGaTqmg84ecGve_ZLA/edit
08:07:09 <simonstey> s/"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z3Eb5rZjrdWcE5u5o0CYzA_LPyGaTqmg84ecGve_ZLA/edit"//
08:07:43 <simonstey> axelpolleres: I suggest dpv as the main namespace (for now at least)
08:07:45 <axelpolleres> PROPOSED: We will use http://www.w3.org/ns/dpv as the main namespace, standing for data privacy vocabulary, if avialable, otherwise https://w3id.org/dpv/
08:08:05 <Bert> +1
08:08:05 <elmar> +1
08:08:06 <axelpolleres> +1
08:08:07 <Fajar> +1
08:08:07 <harsh> +!
08:08:09 <harsh> +1
08:08:11 <Javier> Javier has joined #DPVCG
08:08:14 <Javier> +1
08:08:17 <Ramisa> +1
08:08:26 <simonstey> +0
08:08:47 <bud> bud has joined #dpvcg
08:08:49 <axelpolleres> RESOLVED: We will use http://www.w3.org/ns/dpv as the main namespace, standing for data privacy vocabulary, if avialable, otherwise https://w3id.org/dpv/
08:10:00 <harsh> ns/dpv is available on w3id.org
08:10:13 <harsh> https://github.com/perma-id/w3id.org
08:10:20 <simonstey> axelpolleres: do we wan't to have subns or just one ns?
08:11:02 <simonstey> ... we'll discuss that later on
08:11:04 <harsh> I propose for separation of contexts for each of the core categories - purposes, processing, legal basis, etc.
08:11:05 <axelpolleres> ISSUE: decide later whether we need sub-namespaces for different subtaxonomies
08:11:06 <trackbot> Created ISSUE-13 - Decide later whether we need sub-namespaces for different subtaxonomies.  Please complete additional details at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/13/edit>.
08:11:32 <simonstey> axelpolleres: this was my input wrt. base ontology
08:12:34 <simonstey> harsh: we didn't cover recipients at all
08:12:44 <simonstey> ... only location and purposes
08:13:00 <simonstey> axelpolleres: [gives example]
08:13:56 <simonstey> ... I didn't put the articles next to the terms (maybe someone who's more familiar with the GDPR could add them)
08:14:19 <simonstey> ... i.e. the article that defines them
08:15:00 <simonstey> bud: controller is 4.7, 4.9 is recipient, 4.10 is 3rdparty
08:15:26 <Mark> Mark has joined #dpvcg
08:17:01 <harsh> data subject is also A4.1
08:17:21 <harsh> identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly
08:19:26 <axelpolleres> Discussion on whether we should rename the properties for class XYZ "hasXYZ"
08:20:13 <axelpolleres> Simonstey: arguing that hsXYZ is a common convention for ObjectProperties
08:20:14 <harsh> Also benefits inverse properties - hasXYZ <--> isXYZof
08:20:56 <simonstey> simonstey: we might have to change the names of properties to make them different from the class names
08:21:29 <simonstey> ... e.g. dpv:purpose <-> dpv:Purpose only differs in the lower/uppercase P
08:21:52 <simonstey> ... which is a problem for languages where there isn't a lower/upper case (i.e. chinese)
08:22:02 <axelpolleres> PROPOSED: use "hasXYZ" (and "isXYZof" in case we need inverses) as property names convention
08:22:08 <harsh> +1
08:22:18 <simonstey> +1
08:22:54 <axelpolleres> PROPOSED: use "hasXYZ" (and "isXYZof" in case we need inverses) as property names convention for ObjectProperties to avoid clashes with (Object-)Class names
08:22:58 <axelpolleres> +!
08:22:59 <elmar> +1
08:23:00 <axelpolleres> +1
08:23:02 <Fajar> +1
08:23:12 <Bert> 0
08:23:19 <simonstey> +1
08:23:32 <Ramisa> +1
08:23:55 <axelpolleres> RESOLVED: use "hasXYZ" (and "isXYZof" in case we need inverses) as property names convention for ObjectProperties to avoid clashes with (Object-)Class names
08:24:50 <harsh> +q
08:25:16 <simonstey> ack harsh
08:25:35 <simonstey> harsh: legal ground should be called legal basis (that's used by the GDPR too)
08:25:50 <simonstey> [everyone nodds]
08:26:43 <simonstey> harsh: at the start we discussed technicalorganisationalmeasures
08:27:40 <simonstey> bud: the main means involved in the GDPR are technical&organ. measures
08:28:34 <simonstey> axelpolleres: I would prefer to have small groups for the individual sessions
08:28:46 <simonstey> ... and maybe discuss them tmrw then together
08:29:20 <simonstey> ... the ordering was purely based on getting the groups together according to the indicated interests
08:29:51 <simonstey> axelpolleres: what vocabs do we have to fit in for defining consent?
08:30:08 <simonstey> ... i would imagine the action (what triggered the consent request)
08:30:32 <simonstey> ... basically, I want to know how to hook the whole thing into the main vocab
08:31:03 <simonstey> harsh: when working on the consent receipt it covers all the points mentioned
08:31:34 <simonstey> mark: one of the big issues wrt. consent receipt is e.g., involved other parties (delegation),
08:32:28 <simonstey> ... I think we should make a table in the spreadsheet, where we'll capture terms relevant on describing how consent was received
08:32:48 <simonstey> ... the state of consent (it changes)
08:33:00 <simonstey> ... how does it relate to practice (how people use it)
08:33:15 <simonstey> ... (missing the 2nd order mentioned by mark)
08:34:42 <simonstey> mark: it's very difficult to talk about consent without talking about notice
08:35:01 <simonstey> ... identity, notice, receipt are the main parts
08:35:19 <simonstey> s/receipt/recipient/
08:37:31 <simonstey> axelpolleres: before we start the coffee break
08:37:37 <simonstey> ... are we all on the same page?
08:37:43 <simonstey> ... is github in sync with wiki?
08:38:36 <harsh> yes
08:38:37 <elmar> Purposes consolidation: https://docs.google.com/document/d/15pGTjVJLj2lP2x4njcwJo4aGjeGdi0y-_ppxZaoV8xU/edit#
08:38:45 <simonstey> harsh: e.g. purposes on github reflect the results of our last discussion on purposes
08:39:39 <elmar> Purposes discussion: https://docs.google.com/document/d/15pGTjVJLj2lP2x4njcwJo4aGjeGdi0y-_ppxZaoV8xU/edit?usp=sharing
08:39:42 <simonstey> ... the github repos are linked to from the wiki pages
08:41:44 <simonstey> mark: I think we need to clarify what's standardizable
08:42:28 <simonstey> ... it's a w3c group, but we are working on stuff related to the GDPR
08:42:40 <simonstey> ... i.e. international scope vs. eu scope
08:42:51 <axelpolleres> Put on tomorrow's agenda the Internet scope/wider scope of the group.
08:42:53 <simonstey> ... we should clarify/discuss this
08:43:45 <axelpolleres> Harsh/Mark: GDPR is a good stepping stone, covering many also non-european use cases, but maybe not.
08:44:49 <axelpolleres> ACTION: put internet scope/wider scope on the agenda tomorrow.
08:44:49 <trackbot> Error finding 'put'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
08:45:04 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Axel to put internet scope/wider scope on the agenda tomorrow.
08:45:05 <trackbot> Created ACTION-81 - Put internet scope/wider scope on the agenda tomorrow. [on Axel Polleres - due 2019-04-11].
08:46:03 <simonstey> harsh: maybe declare everything as OWL/SKOS/RDFS
08:47:27 <simonstey> https://www.w3.org/ns/odrl/2/ODRL22.ttl
08:47:34 <axelpolleres> HArsh's proposal: We declare all our concepts/terms as owl:classes, skos:Concepts and rdfs:classes.
08:48:12 <axelpolleres> We could represent the hierarchy as either skos or OWL... i.e. we could have a .owl version of the vob and a .skos version?
08:48:28 <harsh> example: ODRL 2.2 has this model https://www.w3.org/TR/odrl-model/
08:48:42 <harsh> "All new classes (rdfs:Class, owl:Class), properties (rdf:Property, owl:ObjectProperty), and instances (owl:NamedIndividual) must also be defined as a skos:Concept. Appropriate rdfs:domain and rdfs:range should also be defined for classes."
08:50:25 <harsh> Counter-proposal: only have a RDFS ontology (do we need the complexity of OWL?)
08:52:55 <simonstey> "Similarly, SKOS does not assume that hierarchical relations are by default irreflexive. In many thesaurus guidelines, it is prohibited to have a concept broader than itself. However, in specific cases beyond classical thesauri, some reflexive skos:broader statements may occur. Consider the conversion of an existing RDFS/OWL ontology into a SKOS concept scheme. In such a case, it is legitimate that every rdfs:subClassOf statement will be re-interpreted[CUT]
08:53:07 <simonstey> However, rdfs:subClassOf is a reflexive property, which means that for every class C, the statement C rdfs:subClassOf C is true [OWL]. In this case every concept would therefore have itself among its broader concepts.
08:53:16 <simonstey> https://www.w3.org/TR/skos-primer/#sechierarchy
08:53:29 <simonstey> [discussing SKOS/RDFS/OWL]
08:54:07 <simonstey> https://www.w3.org/TR/skos-primer/#secskosspecialization
08:54:50 <simonstey> [from ireland]: do we need disjoint?
08:54:58 <axelpolleres> PROPOSED: we use rdfs:subClassOf/subProrpertyOf for modeling hierarchies, instead of the weaker formalism of SKOS
08:55:00 <harsh> +1
08:55:04 <Fajar> +1
08:55:08 <axelpolleres> +0
08:55:15 <Javier> +1
08:55:19 <elmar> +1
08:55:20 <Ramisa> +1
08:55:29 <simonstey> +1
08:55:30 <Bert> 0
08:55:37 <axelpolleres> RESOLVED: we use rdfs:subClassOf/subProrpertyOf for modeling hierarchies, instead of the weaker formalism of SKOS
08:56:18 <axelpolleres> ISSUE: we may want to add a non-normative comment in the spec that/how the taxonomy can be used as SKOS.
08:56:18 <trackbot> Created ISSUE-14 - We may want to add a non-normative comment in the spec that/how the taxonomy can be used as skos..  Please complete additional details at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/14/edit>.
08:56:58 <axelpolleres> in case we need disjointness, we use OWL.
08:57:05 <simonstey> simonstey: or SHACL, depending on the use case ;)
08:58:22 <simonstey> axelpolleres: one thing we haven't talked about yet was on how to describe the provenance of the terms we use
08:58:35 <simonstey> harsh: currently we use rdfs:isDefinedBy
08:59:20 <simonstey> ... from the terms of the gdpr we reference the respective IRIs
08:59:33 <simonstey> s/IRIs/articles
09:01:54 <simonstey> simonstey: if you resolve the IRI you get the definition of the term
09:02:06 <simonstey> harsh: seeAlso?
09:02:15 <axelpolleres> provenance: we use rdfs:isdefinedby for the source (e.g. articles of the GDPR),and use rdfs:comment for documenting justifications.
09:02:58 <harsh> for examples, we can use vann:example (in case needed)
09:04:13 <harsh> good resource for what to use: https://dgarijo.github.io/Widoco/doc/bestPractices/index-en.html
09:06:53 <simonstey> [rdfs:comment and/or dc(terms):description discussion]
09:07:02 <simonstey> COFFEE BREAK
09:14:28 <simonstey> https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28723029/can-i-mix-skos-properties-with-rdfs-properties-to-define-a-class SKOS<->OWL<->RDFS
09:14:56 <rigo> simonstey: how to connect to the polycom system with facetime?
09:16:01 <axelpolleres> Suggestions: since from the breakouts we will likely go to lunch directly: let's reconvene in plenary at 14:00 CEST
09:18:34 <axelpolleres> secondly: I will open to more chatrooms and invite rrsagent.... 1) #dpvcg_purpose 2) #dpvcg_consent
09:19:32 <axelpolleres> ... done, please pick a scribe in each breakout!
09:26:32 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
09:29:23 <simonstey> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Feb/0026.html
09:30:59 <harsh> harsh has joined #dpvcg
09:41:23 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
09:48:11 <simonstey> https://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=623051
09:58:05 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
10:02:22 <elmar> elmar has joined #dpvcg
10:10:18 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
10:32:21 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
10:39:29 <fajar> fajar has joined #dpvcg
10:55:06 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Fajar to compile the owl file for the NACE r2 codes.
10:55:07 <trackbot> Created ACTION-82 - Compile the owl file for the nace r2 codes. [on Fajar Ekaputra - due 2019-04-11].
10:55:18 <axelpolleres> (needed for purposes)
10:56:23 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
11:19:35 <rigo> rigo has joined #dpvcg
11:47:03 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
11:50:43 <axelpolleres>  Summary of the Purpose breakout: we essentially consolidated the hierarchy we started with last time and extended it with a context mechanism to scope the purpose, for instance to activities that belong to a certain business sector, identified by NACE codes.
11:56:36 <axelpolleres> After lunch parallel sessions:
11:56:38 <axelpolleres> 	•	Processing Categories: *Simon*, Javier, Fajar, Bud
11:56:38 <axelpolleres> 	•	Security constraints & Storage constraints: *Axel*, Harsh, Mark, Bert, Ramisa
11:56:54 <harsh> Ready for video link
11:59:41 <axelpolleres> us too!
12:03:34 <Ramisa> Ramisa has joined #dpvcg
12:08:50 <axelpolleres> topic: breakout TechnicalOrganisationalMeasures
12:16:56 <harsh> Mapping between GDPR and ISO27k (11-2016) https://www.iso27001security.com/ISO27k_GDPR_mapping_release_1.pdf
12:17:04 <Bert> (GDPR art. 45 item 8 says for the list of EU-like countries to look out for lists published in the Official Journal.)
12:17:31 <harsh> Do we have a link for this list? If not, we should create an Action for it.
12:19:25 <axelpolleres> Mark: recital 71, 75
12:19:39 <axelpolleres> Mark: Article 10, Article 6.1
12:19:44 <harsh> A30-g
12:19:53 <axelpolleres> ... Article 30g, 32.1
12:20:21 <harsh> https://gdpr-info.eu/art-32-gdpr/
12:20:25 <Bert> Art. 32 "Security of processing"
12:20:33 <Bert> https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?qid=1465452422595&uri=CELEX:32016R0679
12:25:55 <harsh> More relevant articles: R78, R83, A32
12:30:07 <axelpolleres> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z3Eb5rZjrdWcE5u5o0CYzA_LPyGaTqmg84ecGve_ZLA/edit#
12:48:02 <Bert> List of (technical or organisation) measures vs list of risks: which of the two is the primary key?
13:25:00 <rigo> this depends on whether you want to use it for risk assessment or legal assessment
13:26:05 <rigo> in the latter case, organisational measures have to correspond to a risk, but in practice they don't and thus you just get a list of n+1 organisational measures
13:31:42 <axelpolleres> [ rdfs:comment "bblala"]
13:32:44 <axelpolleres> use Objectproperties only and use this trick to use comments.
13:36:11 <axelpolleres> 3 alternatives:
13:36:22 <axelpolleres>  [rdfs:comment "bblala"]
13:36:36 <axelpolleres> [ dpv:standardFollowed URI]
13:36:38 <rigo> rigo has joined #dpvcg
13:36:40 <axelpolleres> URI
13:42:29 <harsh> Be back after break
13:42:54 <axelpolleres> we muted you for now.
13:43:23 <axelpolleres> reconvene 16:05
13:43:26 <Bert> W.r.t. svl:EULike, there is a list of current countries on https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en
13:45:08 <axelpolleres> ACTION: HArsh, (with the help/review) of Axel, put results of the TechnicalOrganisationalMeasures session to thespreadsheet.
13:45:08 <trackbot> Error finding 'HArsh,'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
13:45:27 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Harsh to (with the help/review) of Axel, put results of the TechnicalOrganisationalMeasures session to thespreadsheet
13:45:28 <trackbot> Created ACTION-83 - (with the help/review) of axel, put results of the technicalorganisationalmeasures session to thespreadsheet [on Harshvardhan Pandit - due 2019-04-11].
14:07:58 <axelpolleres> Legal Basis: *Bud*, Harsh, Ramisa, Mark
14:09:30 <axelpolleres> Personal Data Categories: Axel, *Fajar*, Bert, Javier
14:12:53 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
14:12:59 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has left #dpvcg
14:15:15 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
14:16:20 <Ramisa> Ramisa has joined #dpvcg
14:16:23 <axelpolleres>  .... type join #dpvcg_data
14:16:40 <Javier> Javier has joined #dpvcg
14:23:27 <elmar> elmar has joined #dpvcg
14:23:47 <elmar> https://webprotege.stanford.edu/#projects/4658d8e1-588e-4847-90c1-6118eabac007/edit/Classes      username: dpvcg password: DMdYx2i9Yg6s
14:52:12 <rigo> axelpolleres: for the personal data categories, you can take up the P3P 1.1 data schema, which is properly internationalised
14:52:44 <harsh> Would @rigo be able to answer a question we (legal basis) are stuck at in the IRC?
14:52:52 <harsh> * rigo
14:53:35 <rigo> sure thing, they also can skype me in
14:55:16 <harsh> What's your skype ID? Mine is coolharsh55
14:58:36 <harsh> (got it, thanks)
15:02:54 <axelpolleres> ISSUE: personal Data cateories collected might be collected in an approximate manner (e.g. age vs. age range), should we provide a mechanism in the vocabulary to distinguish this?
15:02:54 <trackbot> Created ISSUE-15 - Personal data cateories collected might be collected in an approximate manner (e.g. age vs. age range), should we provide a mechanism in the vocabulary to distinguish this?.  Please complete additional details at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/15/edit>.
15:04:27 <fajar> fajar has joined #dpvcg
15:05:26 <harsh> Should personal data categories should be modelled using SKOS, using broader and narrower? dpv:Age skos:broader dpv:AgeRange
15:05:44 <harsh> Also works for specific Location vs generic Location
15:14:25 <axelpolleres> Should we open an issue for the level of granularity we would add in the end? e.g. whether we want to go doen to a level of detail allowing to specify that FiveFactor model is used?
15:14:42 <axelpolleres> we will come bakc to the other room for the wrap-up session.
15:23:05 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:23:45 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
15:23:45 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/04/04-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
15:23:59 <Bert> RRSAgent, make logs public
15:24:03 <axelpolleres> Each session summarize: 1) summarize your status 2) Can you wrap up what you have with actioning 1-2 people to wrap it up for a first version or do you need another breakout or plenary?
15:25:23 <axelpolleres> topic: 1) PersonalData
15:25:53 <axelpolleres> fajar: some more information on description to be added, properties for derivation and sensitivity added.
15:28:10 <axelpolleres> Harsh: rarther use superclasses than attributes for "derived" and for "sensitive"?
15:34:09 <axelpolleres> summary personal data:
15:34:09 <axelpolleres> * Personal Categories:
15:34:10 <axelpolleres>     * descriptions not finished
15:34:11 <axelpolleres>     * derived/sensitive data categories: subclasses or attributes?
15:34:11 <axelpolleres>     * Inferred/Derived needs to be sorted
15:34:24 <Mark> Mark has joined #DPVCG
15:34:29 <Mark> Notes: Derived data are properties that are automatically calculated and set on a document during a session save. An example of derived data is the size of some (e.g. binary) property of a node. Such derived data might have to be stored on the node itself.
15:34:38 <axelpolleres> topic: 2) Legal Basis (Bud)
15:34:54 <Ramisa> Ramisa has joined #dpvcg
15:35:09 <axelpolleres> Consent, explicit consent, article 9 explicit consent are different :-)
15:36:56 <axelpolleres> does not need another breakout session for a first version, e.g. concrete mechanism to refer to contracts is not yet solved.
15:37:34 <axelpolleres> topic: 3) Technical & Organisational Measures
15:39:22 <axelpolleres> Axel: I think I could wrap this up for a first version for review.
15:40:18 <harsh> Note: we have the spreadsheet of terms and definitions for personal data
15:40:28 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Fajar to create a first version of Personal data complete ontology.
15:40:28 <trackbot> Created ACTION-84 - Create a first version of personal data complete ontology. [on Fajar Ekaputra - due 2019-04-11].
15:40:39 <harsh> shared in the mailing list
15:40:55 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Axel to create first version of complete TechnicalOrgaMeasures
15:40:55 <trackbot> Created ACTION-85 - Create first version of complete technicalorgameasures [on Axel Polleres - due 2019-04-11].
15:41:50 <axelpolleres> 2) first version is already there, HArsh will clean it up
15:42:07 <axelpolleres> ACTION: harsh to clean first complete version of legal basis
15:42:08 <trackbot> Created ACTION-86 - Clean first complete version of legal basis [on Harshvardhan Pandit - due 2019-04-11].
15:42:34 <axelpolleres> topic: 4) Processing Categories
15:43:50 <axelpolleres> still open, we will continue tomorrow, Simon, Bud, Elmar, Axel can try to wrap it up tomorrow.
15:44:40 <axelpolleres> discussion on automated or semi-automatic processing, scale, systematic monitoring, --> high risk processing from GRPD.
15:45:01 <axelpolleres> .... deterministic or blackbox
15:45:07 <axelpolleres> (Javier reported)
15:45:36 <axelpolleres> topic: 5) Purposes
15:46:06 <axelpolleres> Elmar: good starting point, main focus on scoping context  e.g. by sector (for he moment supporting NACE)
15:46:44 <harsh> q+
15:49:35 <harsh> GICS: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_Industry_Classification_Standard
15:49:38 <harsh> ack harsh
15:49:41 <axelpolleres> Mark: GICS, hyperledger ISIC...
15:49:51 <axelpolleres> ... we should use a global one.
15:51:14 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Mark to make a proposal alternatively use GICS instead of NACE.
15:51:15 <trackbot> Created ACTION-87 - Make a proposal alternatively use gics instead of nace. [on Mark Lizar - due 2019-04-11].
15:51:32 <axelpolleres> topic: 6) Consent
15:52:09 <axelpolleres> about 50% ready. needs another session (Bud, Mark, Harsh)
15:52:32 <Mark> On Category of controller -- here is a record that list multiple industry codes --> https://opencorporates.com/companies/gb/07698434
15:53:12 <Mark> and GICS is not one of them
15:53:14 <Bert> (There are too many industry classification systems...)
15:53:14 <Mark> 85.52: Cultural education (UK SIC Classification 2007) 85.52: Cultural education (European Community NACE Rev 2) 8542: Cultural education (UN ISIC Rev 4)
15:57:32 <axelpolleres> Agenda for tomorrow
15:57:33 <axelpolleres> * session: consent
15:57:34 <axelpolleres> * session: processing categories
15:57:36 <axelpolleres> -----
15:57:37 <axelpolleres> * process for new terms and feedback
15:57:39 <axelpolleres> * timeline
15:57:40 <axelpolleres>   finish drafts (who, by when?)
15:57:42 <axelpolleres>   review (who, by when?)
15:57:43 <axelpolleres>   publish
15:57:44 <axelpolleres>   advertise
15:57:45 <axelpolleres>   feedback cycle
15:58:19 <axelpolleres> start tomorrow 9:30
15:58:46 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
15:58:46 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/04/04-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
16:02:19 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
