13:09:45 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:09:45 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/10/07-dpvcg-irc
13:10:15 <harsh> zakim, this is DPVCG Meeting Call 07-OCT-2020
13:10:15 <Zakim> got it, harsh
13:11:04 <harsh> zakim, start this meeting
13:11:04 <Zakim> RRSAgent, make logs Public
13:11:05 <Zakim> please title this meeting ("meeting: ..."), harsh
13:11:42 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call 07-OCT-2020
13:11:45 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:11:57 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Sep/0012.html
13:12:10 <harsh> ScribeNice: harsh
13:12:27 <harsh> present+ FajarEkaputra
13:12:31 <harsh> present+ BeatrizEstaves
13:12:36 <harsh> present+ PaulRyan
13:12:52 <harsh> present+ GeorgeLioudakis
13:13:04 <harsh> present+ LisaLeVasseur
13:13:40 <harsh> agenda+ Presentation on BPR4GDPR by George L.
13:13:47 <harsh> agenda+ DPVCG resolution on virtual workshop
13:13:57 <harsh> zakim, show the agenda
13:13:57 <Zakim> I see 2 items remaining on the agenda:
13:13:58 <Zakim> 1. Presentation on BPR4GDPR by George L. [from harsh]
13:13:58 <Zakim> 2. DPVCG resolution on virtual workshop [from harsh]
13:14:11 <harsh> zakim, open agendum 1
13:14:11 <Zakim> agendum 1. "Presentation on BPR4GDPR by George L." taken up [from harsh]
13:14:47 <harsh> George has presented the BP4GDPR project ontologies and their application in the project.
13:14:56 <harsh> George will be sharing the slides on the mailing list.
13:15:42 <harsh> Lisa LeVasseur is present in the meeting as an observer.
13:15:58 <harsh> Lisa is a member of the IEEE P7012 WG regarding machine readable privacy agreements
13:19:24 <harsh> Questions on the presentation by Georg:
13:19:53 <harsh> harsh: What is the relevance or correlation between DPV and BPR4GDPR? Where can DPV be used within BPR4GDPR and vice-versa.
13:20:14 <harsh> Georg: Both are complimentary to some extent. DPV should consider adopting the structural components from BPR4GDPR.
13:20:48 <harsh> Georg: The structural components are the design patterns for describing concepts e.g. personal data has a relationship is-a, is-part-of, and is-more-detailed-than
13:21:05 <harsh> Georg: BPR4GDPR also has the concept of Roles and Purposes and their relations which could be adopted.
13:21:28 <harsh> Georg: Conversely, the DPV LegalBasis are missing as a term in BPR4GDPR and can be integrated in rules.
13:22:00 <harsh> More questions can be shared on the mailing list or directly with Georg (email on public list, slides to be shared)
13:22:13 <harsh> zakim, move to agendum 2
13:22:13 <Zakim> agendum 2. "DPVCG resolution on virtual workshop" taken up [from harsh]
13:51:07 <harsh> We have 5 indicatins/preferences on the poll, with Nov 4 and Nov 25 as best choices.
13:51:17 <harsh> Choosing Nov 4 (no objections)
13:51:37 <harsh> Items on the agenda will be:
13:51:50 <harsh> 1. Updates to DPV based on terms proposed on mailing list
13:51:56 <harsh> 2. Review documentation
13:52:37 <harsh> 3. Resolution on examples, styles of usage, and general use in common forms (e.g. RDFS, OWL2)
13:53:02 <harsh> Volunteers for assisting with the workshop are required, and should contact the mailing list or chair(s).
13:54:15 <harsh> zakim, please leave
13:54:15 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been FajarEkaputra, BeatrizEstaves, PaulRyan, GeorgeLioudakis, LisaLeVasseur
13:54:15 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:54:30 <harsh> rrsagent, please create the minutes v2
13:54:30 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/10/07-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:55:03 <harsh> rrsagent, please set logs public
13:55:41 <harsh> rrsagent, please leave
13:55:41 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
