11:58:11 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
11:58:11 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/07/14-dpvcg-irc
11:58:19 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
11:58:24 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
11:58:28 <harsh> Chair: harsh
11:58:34 <harsh> Date: 14 JUL 2021
11:58:51 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Jul/0002.html
12:02:40 <harsh> Present: harsh, beatrizE, paulR, stephenT
12:02:48 <harsh> Regrets: davidH
12:04:21 <harsh> Topic: Consensus on last week's resolution regarding data transfers
12:04:38 <harsh> for  minutes, as always, see here:  https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/Meeting_Calls
12:05:16 <harsh> last week's session minutes: https://www.w3.org/2021/07/07-dpvcg-minutes.html
12:07:31 <harsh> no additional comments; we add concepts to the proposed list
12:07:41 <harsh> Topic: Expanding Purpose taxonomy
12:08:47 <harsh> see https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/22
12:09:23 <harsh> Proposals for sources of purposes from DPA ROPAs (BE, UK), EDPB, CCPA
12:09:32 <harsh> paulR presenting (shared screen)
12:10:33 <harsh> paulR: GDPR and EDPB specify that purpose must have details and granularity to make it specific and fit the requirements
12:11:54 <harsh> paulR: Belgian ROPA has 65 terms for purpose types
12:13:22 <harsh> present+ ranaS
12:13:45 <harsh> paulR: how do we specify these concepts, used in real world, with the ones in purpose category in DPV?
12:14:32 <Steve_> Steve_ has joined #dpvcg
12:14:59 <harsh> beatrizE: typo in image - LegalObligation is specified instead of LegalCompliance
12:15:23 <Paul_Ryan> Paul_Ryan has joined #dpvcg
12:16:09 <besteves> besteves has joined #dpvcg
12:18:49 <harsh> harsh: any added concept has to fit in the top-down approach and it must have additional abstract concepts added if needed
12:21:46 <harsh> We need use-cases to apply these and find a) applicability and b) gaps/improvements
12:32:13 <rsaniei> rsaniei has joined #dpvcg
12:35:54 <harsh> present+ Georg
12:40:10 <harsh> Georg: projects about privacy policies that extract metadata e.g. UsablePrivacy
12:40:28 <harsh> harsh: contacted them; no response; also they work on USA based concepts and don't have several GDPR-required concepts
12:40:48 <harsh> Georg: good source for EU specific concepts could be recruiter (privacy) policies
12:40:57 <harsh> present+ nishadT
12:45:10 <harsh> Georg: has it been proposed for specifying which data categories are optional and which are mandatory?
12:45:17 <harsh> (no it has not been proposed so far)
12:45:20 <harsh> Georg will propose
12:46:43 <harsh> harsh: are these only limited to data categories; or we can associate them with purpose or even processing? (yes this is possible; so more thinking needed)
12:51:23 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
12:51:35 <harsh> in 2 weeks; WED AUG-28 13:00WEST / 14:00CEST
12:51:43 <harsh> zakim, bye
12:51:43 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, beatrizE, paulR, stephenT, ranaS, Georg, nishadT
12:51:43 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
12:51:48 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
12:51:48 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/07/14-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
12:51:54 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
12:53:02 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
12:53:02 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
