12:04:00 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:04:00 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/09/23-dpvcg-irc
12:37:05 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Call SEP-23-2020
12:37:08 <harsh> Chair: Harsh
12:37:22 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Sep/0007.html
12:37:28 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
12:38:21 <harsh> agenda+ Discussion on future deliverables and timeline
12:38:34 <harsh> agenda+ Organisation for a virtual workshop/hands-on session
12:38:48 <harsh> agenda+ BPR4GDPR presentation by George
12:39:04 <harsh> zakim, take up next agendum
12:39:04 <Zakim> agendum 1. "Discussion on future deliverables and timeline" taken up [from harsh]
12:39:10 <harsh> present+ harsh
12:39:13 <harsh> present+ beatriz
12:39:16 <harsh> present+ PaulRyan
12:39:48 <harsh> present+ Georgios V. Lioudakis
12:40:45 <harsh> We are moving to two concrete objectives for the future: update DPV, and collect use-cases/requirements. These have been added to the wiki as: https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/Objectives_and_deliverables
12:41:12 <harsh> A request has been sent to Bert regarding updating the group's main page.
12:41:40 <harsh> Regarding updating dpv - we will continue to use the GitHub repo, with harsh to have clarification on process regarding updates to w3 namespace.
12:42:02 <harsh> We need to streamline the process of updating the vocabulary, along with documentation and revision tracking. We need volunteers for these tasks.
12:42:13 <harsh> zakim, take up next agendum
12:42:13 <Zakim> agendum 2. "Organisation for a virtual workshop/hands-on session" taken up [from harsh]
12:42:46 <harsh> We have agreed to try and organise a longer session for vocabulary update and documentation review in October or November.
12:42:51 <harsh> Poll created for this: https://framadate.org/dpvcg-workshop-2020
12:42:55 <harsh> zakim, take up next agendum
12:42:55 <Zakim> agendum 2 was just opened, harsh
12:43:09 <harsh> zakim, take up next agendum
12:43:09 <Zakim> agendum 2 was just opened, harsh
12:43:41 <harsh> zakim, close this agendum
12:43:41 <Zakim> agendum 2 closed
12:43:42 <Zakim> I see 1 item remaining on the agenda:
12:43:42 <Zakim> 3. BPR4GDPR presentation by George [from harsh]
12:44:14 <harsh> In the next session on 7 OCT 2020, we will have George present the BPR4GDPR project.
12:44:34 <harsh> Questions, enquiries, and requests can be mailed to the thread on mailing list https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Sep/0004.html
12:44:44 <harsh> The presentation and Q&A session is planned to be ~30mins
12:45:10 <harsh> zakim, bye
12:45:10 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, beatriz, PaulRyan, Georgios, V., Lioudakis
12:45:10 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
12:45:25 <harsh> rrsagent, create minutes v2
12:45:25 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/09/23-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
12:45:38 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes
12:45:38 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/09/23-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
12:49:56 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
