14:52:34 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
14:52:34 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/08/10-dpvcg-irc
14:52:45 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
14:52:49 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
14:52:51 <harsh> Chair: harsh
14:53:03 <harsh> Present: harsh, chang, paul, julian, mark
14:53:06 <harsh> Regrets: georg
14:53:15 <harsh> Date: 10 AUG 2022
14:53:21 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Aug/0000.html
14:55:46 <harsh> Previous minutes -> https://www.w3.org/2022/08/03-dpvcg-minutes.html
14:55:53 <harsh> All minutes -> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/Meeting
14:56:58 <harsh> Topic: Consent Concepts
15:02:15 <harsh> In the previous meeting, we discussed the concepts related to consent based on this proposal - https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Jul/0003.html
15:02:41 <harsh> The two concepts that did not reach an agreement were `Renewed` and `RequestDeferred` related to consent states.
15:03:05 <harsh> Today's meeting discussed these concepts with agreement reached on the inclusion of both.
15:03:31 <harsh> For `RequestDeferred`, we accept the concept, with a note that its use will be based on the use-cases' requirements
15:04:07 <harsh> For `Renewed` as a concept, we discussed the ambiguity between renewal of given consent as well as indicating a prior refusal was "renewed".
15:04:57 <harsh> The following options were considered for the concept - `RenewGiven` and `RenewRefusal`; `ReaffirmGiven` and `ReaffirmRefusal`.
15:05:43 <harsh> The accepted terms for consent state are to have the prefix `Consent`, and `Renew` for a state that been renewed or reaffirmed.
15:07:16 <harsh> This results in the following consent states - `ConsentUnknown`, `ConsentRequested`, `ConsentRefused`, `ConsentGiven`, `ConsentExpired`, `ConsentInvalidated`, `ConsentRevoked`, and `RenewConsentGiven`
15:07:51 <harsh> The state related to renewal of a prior refusal (i.e. `RenewConsentRefused`) is kept at 'proposed' level and may be discussed in the future sessions when more information is available regarding its usefulness.
15:08:34 <harsh> The concept `RenewConsentGiven` has been accepted due to its practicality based on mention in several authoritative documents, such as DPA guidelines (e.g. EDPB guidelines on consent) and the DSA's mention of periodic consenting conditions.
15:09:17 <harsh> julian: Proposing `UpdatedConsent` as something to keep track of, with e.g. https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/watson-care-manager?topic=SSRMV7/com.ibm.iwcm.doc/care/t_cp_update_consent.html
15:09:41 <harsh> We discussed and agreed to not include this concept as it relates to the management of consent records i.e. updating information within it, rather than to consent itself as its state
15:10:06 <harsh> With this, we have discussed and agreed on the proposed consent concepts - these will be included in the next version of DPV.
15:10:39 <harsh> When more information about ISO/IEC TR 27560 is available (e.g. in 1-2 months) an exercise will be undertaken to align DPV with the state of that standard, and provide guidance on using it.
15:11:35 <harsh> chang: Suggestion to provide links e.g. in the spec or other docs or GitHub for how someone should provide comments, feedbacks, or ask questions/queries. For example, when looking at a certain concept - enquire about it.
15:12:15 <harsh> harsh: These will be added as hyperlinks in a block/note at the start of the document welcoming comments.
15:12:22 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
15:12:52 <harsh> We will meet again in one week, AUG-17 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST.
15:13:23 <harsh> Topic of discussion will include resolving other proposals, i.e. Rights, Rules, ISO standards, and any other issues on GitHub or added by members.
15:13:27 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
15:13:27 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/08/10-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
15:13:31 <harsh> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
15:14:23 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
15:14:23 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
