20:07:01 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:07:01 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/07/13-dpvcg-irc
20:07:16 <harsh> ScribeNick: beatriz
20:07:20 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:07:26 <harsh> Chair: beatriz
20:07:39 <harsh> Present: beatriz, paul, julian
20:07:45 <harsh> Regrets: harsh, georg
20:07:53 <harsh> Date: 13 JUL 2022
20:08:04 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Jul/0000.html
20:09:51 <harsh> Previous meeting minutes -> https://www.w3.org/2022/07/07-dpvcg-minutes.html
20:10:50 <harsh> Since there were few people in the meeting, the participants reviewed last week's meeting notes and decided to skip this week's session.
20:12:07 <harsh> Next meeting will be on WED JUN-20 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST.
20:12:22 <harsh> Agenda will be same as this meeting.
20:12:41 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
20:12:41 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/07/13-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
20:12:49 <harsh> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
