13:02:36 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:02:36 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/11/25-dpvcg-irc
13:02:40 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
13:03:09 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
13:03:18 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call Nov-25
13:05:03 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:05:32 <harsh> Present: harsh, georg, paul, beatriz, rana
13:06:55 <harsh> Topic: Risk
13:08:04 <harsh> We have Risk and hasRisk as generic concepts to associate risk, and RiskMitigationMeasure to indicate mitigation
13:08:36 <harsh> Agreed to have that as top-level concept, and later think about expanding via taxonomy based on use-cases and legal requirements
13:11:10 <harsh> paul: how does DPV relate to compliance?
13:11:30 <harsh> harsh: compliance can be determining or evaluating obligations and compliance, demonstrating compliance, and documenting compliance
13:11:49 <harsh> DPV provides a (semi-) standardised or an extendable vocabulary for representing information towards this
13:12:05 <harsh> present+ mark
13:12:17 <harsh> mark: there is also the notion of conformance which relates to compliance (processes)
13:14:59 <harsh> Topic: Entities
13:18:35 <harsh> Data Protection Authority: should this be supervisory authority, as defined in GDPR?
13:19:02 <harsh> The global norm seems to be 'data protection authority', e.g. see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_data_protection_authority
13:20:22 <harsh> Also the EU seems to prefer DPA as data protection authority: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/what-are-data-protection-authorities-dpas_en
13:21:54 <harsh> Sub-Processor: do we need to distinguish between Processor and Sub-Processor
13:23:38 <harsh> mark: in some cases there are restrictions or obligations associated with sub-processors, so it would be helpful to have this concept
13:24:01 <harsh> georg: a sub-processor is still a processor, and in GDPR, there is no distinction (in the term itself), so we can do with just one term (processor)
13:27:10 <harsh> The term itself seems to be used in the real-world to indicate the relationship and third-parties involved. E.g. https://www.atlassian.com/legal/sub-processors
13:28:08 <harsh> georg: The primary relationship is between a controller and processors vis. purpose. Is there any other relationship?
13:28:23 <harsh> mark: The controller will need to know if the list of sub-processors will change, so this is an use-case
13:41:54 <harsh> Agreed to have sub-processor as a term
13:43:29 <harsh> Minor vs Child: Child is definitely a related term, but we decide about 'minor' later based on legal definitions and common usage
13:43:37 <harsh> We accept Child as a concept for DPV
13:48:19 <harsh> Third Country: how to define this? Is this related to jurisdiction(s) i.e. EU
13:49:07 <harsh> If this is related to jurisdiction, how to represent that in terms of membership e.g. third country wrt EU
13:50:05 <harsh> For GDPR, this relates to Recipient --> Country (Third Country)
13:51:50 <harsh> georg: Since this is related to country (only), we don't need to describe Third Countries per se
13:52:03 <harsh> Agreed to have this term as 'proposed' and revisit it in the next discussion
13:53:13 <harsh> Aceepted: property 'has_identifier' to indicate an (external) identifier associated with an entity e.g. Company registration number
14:01:48 <harsh> Topic: DPV v0.2
14:01:57 <harsh> Proposed terms have been discussed and addressed
14:02:08 <harsh> Next step is to formalise serialisation and create documentation
14:02:15 <harsh> Harsh will be working on this over the weekend
14:02:32 <harsh> Plan is to complete the documentation by 30-NOV
14:03:12 <harsh> Contributors to add names, affiliations, funding acknowledgments where pertinent. Please send them on to Harsh for inclusion.
14:03:14 <harsh> Next meeting 2 DEC 14:00 CET : look at documentation
14:03:59 <harsh> rrsagent, please create minutes v2
14:03:59 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/11/25-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:04:10 <harsh> rrsagent, please publish minutes
14:04:10 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/11/25-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:06:34 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
14:10:33 <harsh> zakim, please part
14:10:33 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, georg, paul, beatriz, rana, mark
14:10:33 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
14:10:39 <harsh> rrsagent, please part
14:10:39 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
