15:02:52 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
15:02:52 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2018/12/11-dpvcg-irc
15:02:54 <trackbot> RRSAgent, make logs public
15:02:54 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
15:02:56 <trackbot> Meeting: Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group Teleconference
15:02:56 <trackbot> Date: 11 December 2018
15:02:59 <AxelPollleres> AxelPollleres has joined #dpvcg
15:03:05 <rigo> chair: AxelPollleres
15:03:28 <rigo> RRSAgent, please set minutes public
15:03:28 <RRSAgent> I'm logging. I don't understand 'please set minutes public', rigo.  Try /msg RRSAgent help
15:03:45 <rigo> RRSAgent, please set log\ public
15:03:45 <RRSAgent> I'm logging. I don't understand 'please set log\ public', rigo.  Try /msg RRSAgent help
15:03:51 <rigo> RRSAgent, please set log public
15:04:28 <AxelPollleres> PROPOSED: approve minutes rom F2F
15:04:31 <AxelPollleres> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2018Dec/0042.html
15:04:53 <rigo> scribe: rigo
15:05:09 <rigo> rigo: all requested incorporated
15:05:40 <AxelPollleres> Axel: Rigo confirmed all ACTION items have been collected
15:05:41 <rigo> Action50?
15:05:57 <rigo> trackbot: action50?
15:05:57 <trackbot> Sorry, rigo, I don't understand 'trackbot: action50?'. Please refer to <http://www.w3.org/2005/06/tracker/irc> for help.
15:06:01 <AxelPollleres> PROPOSED: approve minutes rom F2F, cf. https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2018Dec/0042.html
15:06:08 <harsh> +1
15:06:26 <rigo> +1
15:06:38 <AxelPollleres> RESOLVED: approve minutes rom F2F, cf. https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2018Dec/0042.html
15:06:38 <rigo> trackbot, ACTION-50?
15:06:38 <trackbot> ACTION-50 -- Bud P. Bruegger to Suggest a new hierarchy of the usage policy diagram and integrate into the presentation of tuesday 11 -- due 2018-12-11 -- OPEN
15:06:38 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/50
15:06:44 <rigo> trackbot, ACTION-51?
15:06:44 <trackbot> ACTION-51 -- Bud P. Bruegger to Prepare a presentation for next dpvcg telco on 11 december -- due 2018-12-11 -- OPEN
15:06:44 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/51
15:06:53 <dlewis> dlewis has joined #dpvcg
15:08:33 <MarkL> MarkL has joined #dpvcg
15:08:44 <MarkL> Hello
15:08:49 <rigo> Hi Mark
15:09:16 <AxelPollleres> present: dave lewis, rigo, harsh, eva, mark, martin, bert, bud, mark
15:09:40 <rigo> Axel: Minutes were approved
15:10:04 <rigo>  ... main goal is to to go through the minutes and report from the F2F
15:10:29 <rigo> Eva: agenda+ for Bud to present his model of processing
15:10:51 <rigo> Bud: 30 min and trying screen sharing
15:11:50 <rigo> Axel: covered all the items we wanted to discuss [enumerates] for further info see https://www.w3.org/2018/12/03-dpvcg-minutes and https://www.w3.org/2018/12/04-dpvcg-minutes
15:12:17 <AxelPollleres> topic: action review https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/open
15:12:47 <rigo> Axel: action-6 continued
15:13:05 <rigo>  ... DMA and IDS project has no detailed response yet
15:14:40 <rigo> trackbot, close ACTION-31
15:14:40 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-31.
15:16:15 <rigo> Axel: Keep Action-33 open
15:16:30 <rigo> Mark: was hoping to align work with Kantara, there is a lot of benefit
15:16:47 <rigo> Axel: we should talk at next call about Action-33
15:17:35 <rigo> Axel: we start with Action-42
15:17:43 <rigo> Eva: Action-42 is ongoing
15:18:16 <rigo>  ... action-43 had some feedback, is not very usable for us. Will send email to the list
15:19:14 <rigo> note action-43 eva will send email to the list
15:19:14 <trackbot> Notes added to action-43 Have a look a study on aal that might help us.
15:19:26 <AxelPollleres> close ACTION-46
15:19:27 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-46.
15:19:46 <AxelPollleres> close ACTION-47
15:19:47 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-47.
15:20:25 <rigo> Harsh: was discussing action-48 on email.
15:20:36 <rigo> Axel: maybe put a link to ??
15:20:46 <AxelPollleres> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2018Dec/0021.html
15:21:12 <rigo> note action-48 add https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2018Dec/0021.html
15:21:12 <trackbot> Notes added to action-48 Look into classifications of organisations that could serve as a basis for clsssifying data controllers.
15:22:05 <rigo> Eva: action-49 did not know how to put the image to the wiki. Do not know where to put it
15:22:51 <rigo> eva: the boxes where we added "legal grounds" in Vienna
15:23:01 <rigo> harsh: under policy would be an option
15:23:10 <rigo> Axel: Link it from the taxonomy page
15:23:52 <AxelPollleres> close ACTION-50
15:23:52 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-50.
15:24:16 <AxelPollleres> close ACTION-51
15:24:16 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-51.
15:24:17 <rigo> Bud: Action-50 will be treated in the presentation later today
15:25:43 <rigo> harsh: suggestion from Javier that I like, will continue to discuss
15:25:56 <rigo> Axel: on mailing-list for further discussion
15:26:31 <harsh> mail for Action 53 (check thread for more conversations) https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2018Dec/0014.html
15:26:57 <AxelPollleres> slides ACTION-54 are here https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2018Dec/0036.html
15:27:04 <rigo> note action-53 thread with further conversation at  https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2018Dec/0014.html
15:27:04 <trackbot> Notes added to action-53 Together with harsh, fajar, javier start on a base ontology, suggest a namespace, etc. and start populate the sub-taxonomies, agree on language to model it..
15:27:07 <AxelPollleres> close ACTION-54
15:27:07 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-54.
15:27:46 <rigo> Topic: Bud about the new processiong
15:29:06 <rigo> Eva: screen sharing via webex.
15:29:25 <rigo> Bud: processing operations
15:29:51 <rigo> Eva: images with core processing model sent yesterday as first in the slide deck
15:30:23 <rigo> Bud: it is only about processing personal data, then there is processing, only those necessary for the given purpose
15:30:43 <rigo> AxelPollleres: also location for processing, do we need the time for processing
15:31:12 <rigo> Bud: it is time to store, storage and transfer are special cases of processing
15:31:48 <rigo>  ... lower right corner could also be deletion, then timestamp would be relevant
15:32:08 <rigo> Axel: we have temperal elements in SPECIAL
15:32:17 <rigo> Bud: storage location is relevant
15:33:09 <rigo>  ... can be many locations, because of backup etc, also time of storage
15:34:14 <AxelPollleres> Axel: don't we also need temporal aspects for processing?
15:34:14 <rigo> Bud: core purpose for exchange of services or goods, but often things are bundled to make a package deal. Other purposes are not core
15:34:39 <rigo>  ... base consent to multiple purposes, then optional purpose
15:35:17 <rigo>  ... than optional additional purposes that are not bundled
15:36:01 <AxelPollleres> Axel: why is there the distinction between base and additional consent?
15:36:30 <rigo>  ... what is the relation between purpose and data, does addtional purpose mean additional data or same data?
15:37:57 <rigo> Mark: time period for consent and time for data retention
15:37:58 <AxelPollleres> Mark: time period for consent?
15:38:31 <rigo>  ... update consent which is linked to data retention in GDPR
15:39:24 <rigo> => slides will be sent to the list after the meeting
15:40:34 <AxelPollleres> Axel: I think that legal ground needs a temporal dimension (at least law or consent)
15:41:03 <AxelPollleres> q?
15:41:36 <rigo> AxelPollleres: we discussed purposes in meeting with harsh
15:41:49 <rigo> harsh: started discussion on mailing-list
15:42:01 <harsh> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2018Dec/0041.html
15:42:12 <rigo> AxelPollleres: we wanted to insantiate purposes
15:42:12 <harsh> described on the wiki https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/Purposes_for_handling_Personal_Data#High-level_categories_.28to-be-discussed.29
15:43:26 <rigo> => discussion on purposes
15:43:40 <rigo> eva: suggest to raise this as an issue
15:44:41 <dlewis> q+
15:45:15 <rigo> Axel: core purpose, without this, no service can be provided
15:45:22 <rigo>  ... research etc
15:48:26 <AxelPollleres> ACTION: Axel And Bert to collect ACTIONS and emails to be discussed in subsequent calls
15:48:27 <trackbot> Created ACTION-56 - And bert to collect actions and emails to be discussed in subsequent calls [on Axel Polleres - due 2018-12-18].
15:48:33 <AxelPollleres> q?
15:49:31 <rigo> dlewis: good start, logic and high level makes sense, just wondering about the distinction between optimization and optimization for the client that I would call personalization
15:50:05 <rigo> AxelPollleres: we may make the distinction, server of consumer side
15:50:54 <rigo> q+
15:50:57 <AxelPollleres> Dave: personalisation is an optimization for a single data subject
15:51:01 <rigo> ack dlewis
15:52:01 <rigo> ack ri
15:52:19 <dlewis> q+
15:52:43 <rigo> discussion about the optimization term
15:53:04 <rigo> optimization for service or optimization for data subject
15:53:26 <AxelPollleres> local language can be considered personalisation, but affects more than a single consumer, but is not optimization
15:53:28 <rigo> dlewis: what is an optimization anyway, how to distinguish from other functionalities
15:53:36 <AxelPollleres> Harsh: local language can be considered personalisation, but affects more than a single consumer, but is not optimization
15:53:49 <harsh> We should create an issue and discuss this later/in mails. (conscious of time)
15:54:27 <harsh> q+
15:56:40 <rigo> ack harsh
15:56:41 <MarkL> (thanks for call I have to drop )
15:57:00 <AxelPollleres> ACTION: harsh to start definitionsions of the high-level purposes at https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/Purposes_for_handling_Personal_Data#High-level_categories_.28to-be-discussed.29 and map them to purposes collected from use cases
15:57:00 <trackbot> Created ACTION-57 - Start definitionsions of the high-level purposes at https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/purposes_for_handling_personal_data#high-level_categories_.28to-be-discussed.29 and map them to purposes collected from use cases [on Harshvardhan Pandit - due 2018-12-18].
15:57:22 <MarkL> great work everyone -- great to see this am looking forward to contributing..
15:58:39 <rigo> next meeting 8 Jan?
15:58:54 <rigo> Axel: suggest we target that date?
15:59:10 <rigo> Bert: will be available on 8 Jan
15:59:44 <rigo> Axel: season's greetings....
15:59:49 <AxelPollleres> Bert is available to char on 8th.
15:59:56 <rigo> adjourned
16:00:06 <rigo> trackbot, end meeting
16:00:06 <trackbot> Zakim, list attendees
16:00:06 <Zakim> As of this point the attendees have been dave, lewis, rigo, harsh, eva, mark, martin, bert, bud
16:00:14 <trackbot> RRSAgent, please draft minutes
16:00:14 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2018/12/11-dpvcg-minutes.html trackbot
16:00:15 <trackbot> RRSAgent, bye
16:00:15 <RRSAgent> I see 2 open action items saved in https://www.w3.org/2018/12/11-dpvcg-actions.rdf :
16:00:15 <RRSAgent> ACTION: Axel And Bert to collect ACTIONS and emails to be discussed in subsequent calls [1]
16:00:15 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2018/12/11-dpvcg-irc#T15-48-26
16:00:15 <RRSAgent> ACTION: harsh to start definitionsions of the high-level purposes at https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/Purposes_for_handling_Personal_Data#High-level_categories_.28to-be-discussed.29 and map them to purposes collected from use cases [2]
16:00:15 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2018/12/11-dpvcg-irc#T15-57-00
