14:03:58 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
14:04:02 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2023/01/19-dpvcg-irc
14:04:03 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
14:04:03 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
14:04:05 <harsh> Chair: harsh
14:04:17 <harsh> Present: harsh, jan, beatriz, delaram
14:04:27 <harsh> Date: 19 JAN 2023
14:04:42 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Jan/0002.html
14:24:42 <harsh> Regrets: georg, paul
14:33:26 <harsh> Topic: Data Breaches
14:33:54 <harsh> The EDPB data breach guidelines for consultation mentioned that DPAs want to be notified for every country whose data subjects are involved - https://edpb.europa.eu/our-work-tools/documents/public-consultations/2022/guidelines-92022-personal-data-breach_en
14:34:11 <harsh> DPVCG therefore wants to develop a core notification system with semantics that can assist with this.
14:34:16 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
14:34:49 <harsh> We will meet again in one week, on WED JAN-26 14:00 WET / 15:00 CET
14:34:56 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
14:35:27 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2023/01/19-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:35:30 <harsh> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
14:35:44 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
14:35:44 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
