12:02:26 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:02:26 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/08/25-dpvcg-irc
12:02:34 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
12:02:37 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
12:02:40 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:02:53 <harsh> Present: harsh, paulR, georgK, markL
12:03:02 <harsh> Date: 25 AUG 2021
12:03:13 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Aug/0006.html
12:05:00 <Steve> Steve has joined #dpvcg
12:07:46 <harsh> present+: stephenT
12:10:03 <harsh> Topic: Expanding Purpose taxonomy
12:12:34 <harsh> Paul and Beatriz have put together a list on purposes taken from sources including DPA, guidelines, and paul's experience as DPO
12:14:06 <harsh> based on that, there are additions, changes, and removals to the terms in the spreadsheet
12:26:15 <harsh> markL will be sharing description/definition of 'context' and 'purpose management'
12:26:52 <harsh> term CustomerManagement
12:29:14 <harsh> with children CustomerCare and CRM
12:30:48 <harsh> term Marketing change - remove concept CommercialInterest due to ambiguity and lack of clarity as a purpose, and thereby Marketing is a top level category
12:31:07 <harsh> (consensus on CustomerManagement and child concepts)
12:38:33 <harsh> discussion on what 'commercial' purpose means, whether its a broad category, or an expression of benefits+beneficiary
12:51:08 <harsh> term RecordManagement
12:51:26 <harsh> relating to maintaining records as a purpose in itself, or in combination with other purposes (e.g. LegalObligation)
12:51:30 <harsh> (consensus on term)
12:52:34 <harsh> term Communication
12:53:02 <harsh> unclear for how it relates to other purposes and its provenance; shelved for further investigation
12:53:21 <harsh> term AccountManagement
12:57:16 <harsh> georgK: guidelines on descriptions e.g. whether to have prefix of sentences with 'to' or not
12:59:03 <harsh> (consensus on term)
13:09:46 <harsh> Topic: Next meeting
13:11:14 <harsh> we will meet next Wednesday SEP-01 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST
13:14:41 <harsh> we will continue discussion on purposes
13:15:37 <harsh> harsh will combine the proposed terms into a common list, generate the diagrammatic representation and share with attendees for comments
13:27:22 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:27:22 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, paulR, georgK, markL, :, stephenT
13:27:22 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:27:25 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
13:27:25 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/08/25-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:27:29 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
13:30:58 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
13:30:58 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
