14:08:33 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
14:08:33 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/08/17-dpvcg-irc
14:08:38 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
14:08:42 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
14:08:45 <harsh> Chair: harsh
14:08:51 <harsh> Present: harsh, paul, georg, julian
14:20:51 <harsh> Date: 18 AUG 2022
14:21:00 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Aug/0001.html
14:26:24 <harsh> Topic: Presentation of DPV at SEMANTiCS
14:26:41 <harsh> See email https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Aug/0003.html for outline of presentation
14:27:02 <harsh> Harsh will be presented DPV at SEMANTiCS conference industry track on SEP-14 10:30
14:30:19 <harsh> Topic:  Review of updated consent and documentation
14:30:40 <harsh> See email https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Aug/0002.html
14:31:18 <harsh> Concepts and documentation has been updated for existing DPV modules as well as new modules and extensions - rights, consent, risk
14:32:20 <harsh> Regarding consequences, the concept `ImpactToRights` will have two specialisations regarding Preventing Exercising of Right and Violation of Right.
14:32:42 <harsh> Topic: Adding standards and guidelines for DPV concepts
14:33:05 <harsh> See email https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Jul/0004.html
14:34:59 <harsh> The group agrees that such provision of standards and guidelines associated with DPV's concepts would be useful
14:35:17 <harsh> The focus would be on ISO standards and relevant guidelines e.g. DPAs, EDPB, etc.
14:36:00 <harsh> For starting this work, the scope would be to provide a simple listing as proposed in the email and enable contribution e.g. provide some fields that can be populated in a spreadsheet and automated to generate documentation.
14:36:46 <harsh> The use of these collected information would be to generate different views or documentations, e.g. for a given DPV concepts - what standards and guidelines are relevant; or list of standards and guidelines and what DPV concepts they relate to
14:37:03 <harsh> Topic: Exercising Rights
14:39:19 <harsh> georg: There is a need for specifying how rights are exercised, where to exercise them, what is provided and what is required. The DPAs would also like to see this implemented.
14:40:50 <harsh> These can include information about how Subject Access Requests are provided, responded to, etc. The necessary information needed for this is in addition to descriptions of processing - which existing DPV concepts are related to.
14:41:41 <harsh> One way to implement these is to provide a rights specific vocabulary within the `rights` extension that currently provides EU fundamental rights. This vocabulary can relate to describing how a right is to be exercised or availed of, what information is needed to do so, what information is provided in a response.
14:42:19 <harsh> The implementation of specific rights, e.g. GDPR's data portability - will be in specific extensions - in this case dpv-gdpr
14:42:47 <harsh> This can be additional concepts within dpv-gdpr, or guidance on how to implement rights through dedicated pages such as the one to be provided for DPIA
14:43:11 <harsh> georg: GDPR's Art.10 related to legal basis for public institutions should be added to dpv-gdpr
14:45:32 <harsh> The concept A10 has been proposed to be added to dpv-gdpr
14:45:44 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
14:46:07 <harsh> We will meet again in one week, AUG-24 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST
14:46:15 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
14:46:15 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/08/17-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:46:19 <harsh> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
14:49:52 <harsh> rrsage, bye
14:49:55 <harsh> \quit
