12:50:20 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:50:20 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/02/02-dpvcg-irc
12:50:43 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
12:50:46 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
12:50:49 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:51:15 <harsh> Date: 02 FEB 2022
12:51:24 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Jan/0022.html
12:52:01 <harsh> Previous minutes => https://www.w3.org/2022/01/26-dpvcg-minutes.html
13:01:07 <harsh> Present: harsh, beatriz, jan, paul
13:01:30 <harsh> Present+: georg
13:08:04 <harsh> Topic: DPV Primer
14:09:13 <harsh> We have comments from Georg and Piero.
14:09:24 <harsh> No other comments or observations in the room.
14:09:43 <harsh> Comments related to description of topics and typos have been resolved.
14:12:05 <harsh> ---
14:13:42 <harsh> Regarding expression of DPV using SKOS or OWL, there has been a discussion the mailing list.
14:14:12 <harsh> Currently, the choice is to provide both within the Primer. We await Piero & Luigi's text/material for this.
14:14:24 <harsh> Primer will be updated along with other documentation after this.
14:14:25 <harsh> ---
14:14:47 <harsh> For other examples (and expression of use-cases), Harsh can provide SKOS examples.
14:15:10 <harsh> For OWL examples, we need a volunteer. If willing, email Harsh.
14:15:53 <harsh> ---
14:16:25 <harsh> georg: In Signatu, we use DPV. The CTO says that adoption rate will depend on approaches, and will be different for different ones.
14:16:53 <harsh> georg: Our clients prefer natural language expressions, which we turn into a JSON structure. Nothing more.
14:17:07 <harsh> Topic: Technology
14:17:23 <harsh> In the previous meeting, we discussed `Technology` as a concept, and agreed on its necessity and inclusion.
14:17:37 <harsh> Proposals related to specific forms of technology, e.g. database or algorithm, are being proposed.
14:17:59 <harsh> jan: In these, does `algorithm` refer to, e.g. anonymisation algorithm? If so, how to express this?
14:19:06 <harsh> harsh: We have anonymisation and pseudo-anonymisation as measures. It would be preferable to express concepts related to those under that e.g. specific types of anonymisation techniques.
14:19:33 <harsh> harsh: That being said, there is no restriction to also declare those as types of algorithms if doing so is necessary or needed, e.g. in an implementation.
14:19:33 <harsh> ---
14:20:07 <harsh> Conclusion of discussion -> For now, we include `Technology` as a concept, and for the rest, we look towards sources from ENISA / ISO / NIST / etc. for categories and concepts.
14:20:34 <harsh> We have the option to provide these as a separate extension if the concepts we collect and provide are _opinionated_ rather than formal/universal.
14:20:42 <harsh> Topic: Entities and their Categorisation
14:21:15 <harsh> Currently in DPV, we have the `DataController` and similar concepts sitting alongside proposed concepts of `NonProfitOrganisation` and `NonGovernmentalOrganisation`.
14:21:44 <harsh> Proposal is to have concept `LegalRole` to provide a separation between concepts such as controller and processors from organisation types.
14:22:41 <harsh> jan: `IndustryConsortium` as a broad categorisation of `Organisation` is okay as specific types of consortium could be extended if needed.
14:23:09 <harsh> The source of concepts is the ADMS vocabulary, with additional concepts added to balance expression e.g. Profit and NonProfit.
14:23:16 <harsh> Present+: julian
14:23:53 <harsh> julian: In GDPR Art.91, there is "church and religious associations or communities" mentioned as an organisation. These should also be provided for completion.
14:24:21 <harsh> Discussion on what term to use for this did not conclude with any agreement. For now, we consider `ReligiousAssociation` as a proposed term awaiting further discussion.
14:24:25 <harsh> --
14:24:27 <harsh> ---
14:26:16 <harsh> The following concepts are accepted in today's meeting: `LegalRole`, `JointDataControllers`, `Organisation`, `IndustryConsortium`, `GovernmentalOrganisation`, `NonGovernmentalOrganisation`, `ForProfitOrganisation`, `NonProfitOrganisation`, `AcademicScientificOrganisation`, `NationalAuthority`, `RegionalAuthority`, `SupraNationalAuthority`
14:26:42 <harsh> Property `hasEntity` as parent property of entity-related properties.
14:28:13 <harsh> Term `ThirdCountry` to represent countries outside applicable jurisdiction (within whatever context it is used in).
14:28:16 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
14:28:31 <harsh> We will meet again in +1 week on 09-FEB at 13:00 WET / 14:00 CET
14:28:43 <harsh> Discussion will continue on resolving concepts proposed in spreadsheet, and other items on Agenda.
14:28:47 <harsh> zakim, bye
14:28:47 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, beatriz, jan, paul, :, georg, julian
14:28:47 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
14:28:59 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
14:28:59 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/02/02-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:29:02 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
