12:56:19 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:56:23 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2023/07/20-dpvcg-irc
12:57:11 <ghurlbot> ghurlbot has joined #dpvcg
12:57:38 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
12:57:41 <harsh> repo: w3c/dpv
12:57:53 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
12:57:57 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:58:00 <harsh> Date: 20 JUL 2023
12:58:24 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/bb8bebec-928a-4095-9722-0c38de7db2f0/20230720T140000/
12:58:37 <harsh> Regrets: delaram, georg
13:03:21 <harsh> Present: harsh, paul, iainHenderson
13:26:27 <harsh> Meeting notes are available at - https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
13:26:36 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-07-20
13:37:48 <harsh> Present+: beatriz

14:16:38 <harsh> iainHenderson - working at JLINC on creating user-side agreements that can be used to provide or permit use of data by the individual rather than having unilateral terms offered by organisations. DPV concepts would be useful to represent the information in these, and for the creation of common patterns similar to how CC by works for licenses in terms of being well known and easy to understand effects (paraphrased)
14:16:38 <harsh> IEEE P7012 Standard for Machine Readable Personal Privacy Terms https://standards.ieee.org/ieee/7012/7192/ is working on this

14:20:12 <harsh> Topic: data breach / incident concepts
14:20:50 <harsh> see #64 #100
14:20:51 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/100 -> Issue 100 Proposal to add (security) Incident Reporting concepts (coolharsh55) scope, concepts
14:20:51 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/64 -> Issue 64 Provide concepts for Data Breach (coolharsh55) concepts, todo, help-wanted
14:21:16 <harsh> see https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Jul/0006.html for incident response concept proposal
14:24:28 <harsh> paul: reviewing the concepts in the spreadsheet - okay for data breach
14:24:44 <harsh> harsh: have added the incident response concepts from the email to the spreadsheet below the data breach concepts
14:25:19 <harsh> harsh: they are a generalisation of the breach concepts to (general) incidents, with some specific data breach concepts to be continued
14:25:47 <harsh> harsh: the proposal is to have the incident and breach concepts within the risk extension to reflect its context (as they are often accompanied with risk assessments)
14:26:04 <harsh> harsh: the GDPR specific concepts such as notification requirements would go in the GDPR extension
14:26:18 <harsh> paul: seems okay
14:26:38 <harsh> harsh: will update the data breach guidance document to reflect these concepts, and share with the group for reviewing next week
14:26:38 <harsh> ACTION: Add Incident concepts and update Data Breach concepts
14:26:38 <harsh> ACTION: Update Data Breach guide with Incident concepts

14:26:38 <harsh> Topic: Proposed change to include Non-Personal Data
14:26:38 <harsh> gb, get #99
14:26:38 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99 -> Issue 99 Proposal to change DPV scope to include Non-Personal Data (coolharsh55)
14:26:38 <harsh> One additional response received on mailing list from Pat McBennett - see https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Jul/0009.html
14:26:38 <harsh> Response is in favour of the change, and prefers option 1 - continuation of namespace IRI with change in concept definitions.

14:26:38 <harsh> Topic: Risk Management concepts
14:26:38 <harsh> see #74
14:26:38 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/74 -> Issue 74 Add Risk Management concepts from ISO 31000 series (coolharsh55)
14:26:38 <harsh> see https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Jul/0008.html for risk concepts proposed
14:26:38 <harsh> paul: the concepts at the end are also included in the proposal?
14:26:38 <harsh> harsh: those are the additional concepts from ISO risk vocabulary that do not fit within our simplified 'risk assessment framework', but they are provided in case someone else needs to use them
14:26:38 <harsh> \ With delaram not present today, we defer this topic to next week.
14:26:38 <harsh> ACTION: delaram, harsh to review risk management concepts

14:26:38 <harsh> Topic: DGA Extension
14:26:38 <harsh> gb, get #62
14:26:38 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/62 -> Issue 62 Add DGA/eIDAas entities (coolharsh55)
14:26:38 <harsh> beatriz shared the email with questions on mailing list, see https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Jul/0012.html
14:26:38 <harsh>  harsh replied with suggestions, see https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Jul/0013.html
14:26:38 <harsh> beatriz: georg mentioned for Data Intermediary to have separate concepts for Holders and Subjects. To clarify the interpretation of "for" vs "on behalf of" and how the entity should be named. To be taken up when georg is present.
14:26:38 <harsh> beatriz: Any interest in the group to align concepts between GDPR and DGA? For example, the Intermediary as a Controller or a Processor?
14:26:38 <harsh> harsh: I think this is possible, since both are separate roles, e.g. the Intermediary can be delcared as a Controller using `hasDataController`
14:26:38 <harsh> beatriz: Modeling SME - should we also model 'Micro Enterprises'?
14:26:38 <harsh> we would need a legal definition (or use of the term) - which the EU 2003 regulation has http://data.europa.eu/eli/reco/2003/361/oj - so it is okay to add the concept
14:26:38 <harsh> RESOLUTION: `MicroEnterprise` has been proposed and accepted as a type of organisation
14:26:38 <harsh> beatriz: in DGA, the public sector bodies are mentioned which we have in DPV, so we need a definition for private sector. Georg has also asked about modeling public/private sector in DPV. We already have a `Sector` concept.
14:26:38 <harsh> harsh: The `Sector` concept is best left for the area or domain, as used by the controlled vocabularies such as NACE. For these, we have three types of bodies - public, private, and third (voluntary, charity, other). We model these as types of organisation. The existing concepts will get restructured under these.
14:26:38 <harsh> ACTION: Reorganise the Organisation types to include Public and Private Sector types. For the third type, we can use NonProfit sector.
14:26:38 <harsh> beatriz: For the purposes of 'Support Informed Consent Choices' - how to model these?
14:26:38 <harsh> harsh: as discussed in the email, this is not supoprt as an ongoing activity, but rather as a measure taken alongside other existing interactions - such as the providing of advice within a notice. So we can have these as specific purposes (see email).
14:26:38 <harsh> beatriz: will discuss with georg for the rest of the concepts.
14:26:38 <harsh> ACTION: beatriz and georg to review DGA concepts