15:11:02 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
15:11:02 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2018/11/20-dpvcg-irc
15:11:04 <trackbot> RRSAgent, make logs public
15:11:04 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
15:11:06 <trackbot> Meeting: Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group Teleconference
15:11:06 <trackbot> Date: 20 November 2018
15:11:30 <rigo> present+ Rigo,Eva,Elmar,Harsh,Ramisa,Henrik,Uros
15:12:06 <Elmar_Kiesling> Elmar_Kiesling has joined #dpvcg
15:12:36 <harsh> scribe: harsh
15:14:24 <harsh> (going through open actions)
15:14:36 <Eva__ULD_> Rigo chairs call atm
15:14:54 <harsh> rigo: IEEE also working on open vocabularies, are you aware of that?
15:15:41 <harsh> henrik: yes, can look into it
15:15:57 <harsh> rigo: Henrik, can you introduce you to some of this work going on in IEEE?
15:16:04 <harsh> henrik: Yes, I can do that.
15:17:08 <rigo> Action Hendrik: to introduce IEEE privacy work to one of the next DPVCG meetings
15:17:08 <trackbot> Error finding 'Hendrik'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
15:19:16 <harsh> Eva__ULD_: I sent an email earlier today with discussion on legitimation of data processing (in relation to ACTION-32)
15:19:44 <harsh> rigo: I think we should spend some time on it (summarise elements of consent).
15:20:24 <harsh> elmar: I think there is some progress. We had a meeting on that (locally) with Niklas, and with Sabrina from SPECIAL, to discuss their categorisation. We encounter some general conceptual issues trying to formulate extensions of SPECIAL vocabulary.
15:20:41 <harsh> elmar: This is something we will be working on in the Vienna meeting.
15:21:49 <Eva__ULD_> How do I raise hand here again?
15:22:00 <harsh> rigo: What categories are you considering? We have data types in P3P (from Firefly, bought by Microsoft), which had a perfect type of v-card. Depends on what categories you are looking for. What type of data you have.
15:22:12 <harsh> To get on queue, you can use plus (sign) q
15:22:22 <Eva__ULD_> ah thanks
15:22:25 <Eva__ULD_> +q
15:23:10 <harsh> rigo: I think in the PrimeLab project, we did some categorisation project. But I don't think we went anything beyond what P3P did, which was pretty complete. So you get the data, and it already would be in the categories.
15:23:43 <Eva__ULD_> do we stick to a queue at all? :D
15:24:15 <rigo> rrsagent, please set log public
15:24:28 <rigo> rrsagent, please draft minutes v2
15:24:28 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2018/11/20-dpvcg-minutes.html rigo
15:24:36 <harsh> elmar: We started from the user perspective. You can go bottom-up or bottom-down to come up with a comprehensive categories that could be interesting. There are some different conceptualisations, some are centered around domains such as health, some are legal, some are anonymised or derived (technical in that sense), some are focused on origin (physical activity, etc.)
15:24:43 <harsh> elmar: There seem to be a lot of perspectives.
15:25:13 <harsh> rigo: There can be an infinite number of perspectives. There is also if data can be sensitive or not. We have finite number of data, but infinite categories.
15:26:01 <harsh> rigo: In the F2F meeting, you can ask Axel to have an agenda item for work done so far
15:26:29 <harsh> Eva__ULD_: We should use the Vienna meeting to exchange basic knowledge about things like that. Rigo can introduce more about data categories work done so far.
15:27:32 <harsh> elmar:  Depends on what the vocabularies are to be used for. Can be heuristic or directly applicable.
15:28:10 <harsh> (above discussion for ACTION-33)
15:28:23 <harsh> rigo: starting with ACTION-34. Has this been done?
15:28:32 <harsh> rigo: This looks done, we can close this.
15:28:43 <rigo> trackbot, close ACTION 35
15:28:43 <trackbot> Sorry, rigo, I don't understand 'trackbot, close ACTION 35'. Please refer to <http://www.w3.org/2005/06/tracker/irc> for help.
15:29:11 <rigo> close issue-35
15:29:12 <trackbot> Closed issue-35.
15:30:41 <rigo> close action-39
15:30:41 <trackbot> Closed action-39.
15:30:50 <harsh> elmar: (ACTION-39) I have forwarded this to Christof, we can close this.
15:30:51 <rigo> resolved and done
15:32:04 <harsh> Eva__ULD_: My impression is that there have been a lot of conceptual discussions going on in the mailing list. It is difficult to determine progress. We should use Vienna meeting to focus.
15:33:05 <harsh> Eva__ULD_: We can suggest that first 2-3 hours of Vienna meeting to agree on a common understanding of what the ultimate goal of the taxonomies/group would be.
15:33:35 <harsh> Eva__ULD_: What are we working towards, that would help in focusing and structuring the inputs more.
15:34:26 <harsh> elmar: I think this would be a good idea to list the use-cases, and to see whether they should be covered or excluded. In the categories, they can be unlimited. Depending on what the vocabularies should describe, so we can start from that.
15:35:47 <harsh> rigo: the issue here is that we have a schema.org kind of a situation, in that there is an inifinite number of contexts. We try to analyse several use-cases and find common uses we can write into the taxonomy. So later people can look this up and re-use. Some has done been done by ISO in 29000 series (?) but this was pre-GDPR top-down vocabulary. We need to link this to the legal vocabulary.
15:36:17 <harsh> rigo: This will help people and tooling that we promoted in the workshop to have a common understanding (w.r.t data understanding).
15:37:23 <harsh> Eva__ULD_: I agree with Rigo that we have to do some scoping w.r.t community group.
15:37:58 <harsh> (reminder: Meeting in Vienna will be on 3rd December)
15:40:05 <Eva__ULD_> I think 8:30 is too early to start on the 3rd - I'll arrive in the morning
15:41:14 <harsh> rigo: Any non-EU people attending (in terms of travel distance)
15:41:26 <harsh> Eva__ULD_: It would be nice to continue on 4th
15:42:31 <harsh> Eva__ULD_: Suggestions on timings to be sent on mailing list
15:42:46 <harsh> harsh: Do we know how many people are attending? The doodle shows 7.
15:43:01 <harsh> rigo: To remind Axel via email about participants for Vienna meeting
15:44:36 <harsh> rigo and Eva__ULD: discussing meeting timings. Starting at 10:30 and going on until 4th till lunch.
15:45:29 <rigo> ACTION: Harsh to create a wiki page for the Agenda for the F2F meeting
15:45:30 <trackbot> Created ACTION-40 - Create a wiki page for the agenda for the f2f meeting [on Harshvardhan Pandit - due 2018-11-27].
15:46:33 <harsh> rigo: Urosh do you want to discuss use-cases more, or do you expect to come to Vienna?
15:47:02 <harsh> Urosh: we will not be attending that one
15:50:16 <harsh> rigo: we should discuss the agenda and also on the wiki
15:51:48 <rigo> ACTION: Eva to send email with suggested timing for the Agenda as talked about during the last DPVCG call
15:51:48 <trackbot> Created ACTION-41 - Send email with suggested timing for the agenda as talked about during the last dpvcg call [on Eva Schlehahn - due 2018-11-27].
15:53:49 <rigo> adjourned
15:53:55 <rigo> trackbot, end meeting
15:53:55 <trackbot> Zakim, list attendees
15:53:55 <Zakim> As of this point the attendees have been Rigo, Eva, Elmar, Harsh, Ramisa, Henrik, Uros
15:54:03 <trackbot> RRSAgent, please draft minutes
15:54:03 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2018/11/20-dpvcg-minutes.html trackbot
15:54:04 <trackbot> RRSAgent, bye
15:54:04 <RRSAgent> I see 3 open action items saved in https://www.w3.org/2018/11/20-dpvcg-actions.rdf :
15:54:04 <RRSAgent> ACTION: Hendrik to to introduce IEEE privacy work to one of the next DPVCG meetings [1]
15:54:04 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2018/11/20-dpvcg-irc#T15-17-08
15:54:04 <RRSAgent> ACTION: Harsh to create a wiki page for the Agenda for the F2F meeting [2]
15:54:04 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2018/11/20-dpvcg-irc#T15-45-29
15:54:04 <RRSAgent> ACTION: Eva to send email with suggested timing for the Agenda as talked about during the last DPVCG call [3]
15:54:04 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2018/11/20-dpvcg-irc#T15-51-48
