15:01:43 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
15:01:43 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/12/10-dpvcg-irc
15:01:45 <trackbot> RRSAgent, make logs public
15:01:45 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
15:01:47 <trackbot> Meeting: Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group Teleconference
15:01:47 <trackbot> Date: 10 December 2019
15:03:01 <Bert> agenda: https://www.w3.org/mid/4701713.RFOKHTRZur@nyx
15:03:03 <agendabot> clear agenda
15:03:03 <agendabot> agenda+ Roll call, select scribe, agenda
15:03:03 <agendabot> agenda+ Approve last telcon minutes:
15:03:03 <agendabot> agenda+ Action items
15:03:03 <agendabot> agenda+ The future of the DPVCG
15:03:05 <agendabot> agenda+ DPVCG taking over the SPECIAL vocabularies?
15:03:08 <agendabot> agenda+ Issues
15:03:10 <agendabot> agenda+ AOB
15:03:12 <Bert> chair: Bert
15:04:38 <harsh> scribe: harsh
15:05:30 <harsh> Bert: regarding minutes of meetings from last call, any issues? (No objections raised)
15:05:35 <harsh> Bert: approved minutes
15:06:12 <Bert> action-130?
15:06:12 <trackbot> action-130 -- Bud P. Bruegger to Discuss with eva to start a use case document? -- due 2019-09-10 -- OPEN
15:06:12 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/130
15:07:23 <harsh> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Nov/0026.html
15:07:32 <harsh> Bud: attachment sent to public mailing list
15:07:58 <harsh> Bert: this action has been recorded as done/finished
15:08:00 <Bert> action-131?
15:08:00 <trackbot> action-131 -- Harshvardhan Pandit to Contact jan lindquis and inform them about the process how to suggest terms, i.e. ask them for a coherent proposal to extend our voacbulary to include their terms and let us know which ones are missing or where are the overlaps. -- due 2019-09-24 -- OPEN
15:08:01 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/131
15:08:17 <Bert> action-132?
15:08:17 <trackbot> action-132 -- Bud P. Bruegger to Bud and Eva will try to come up with partial state-transition diagrams to illustrate the interdependencies of data subject rights by the end of november. -- due 2019-11-30 -- OPEN
15:08:17 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/132
15:08:19 <harsh> Bert: Action-131 for Harsh
15:08:24 <harsh> harsh: That is still ongoing
15:08:36 <harsh> Bud: Action-132 - still working on it
15:08:49 <Bert> action-137?
15:08:49 <trackbot> action-137 -- Bert Bos to Apply harsh's patch to the html and rdf and republish, due 2019-11-28 -- due 2019-12-03 -- OPEN
15:08:49 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/137
15:09:07 <harsh> Bert: Action-137 - has been done, the patch has been applied and the vocab has been updated
15:09:12 <Bert> close action-130
15:09:12 <trackbot> Closed action-130.
15:09:15 <Bert> close action-137
15:09:15 <trackbot> Closed action-137.
15:09:24 <Bert> action-138?
15:09:24 <trackbot> action-138 -- Bert Bos to Add a link to the spreadsheet to the wiki, for safekeeping. -- due 2019-12-03 -- OPEN
15:09:24 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/138
15:10:46 <harsh> Bert: Action-138 have added it to the wiki
15:10:46 <Bert> close action-138
15:10:46 <trackbot> Closed action-138.
15:11:30 <harsh> Bud: I have closed Action-130 (on the tracker)
15:12:18 <harsh> Bert: Next topic, about the future of the group. Axel and myself (Bert) will be occupied with other projects, so will have less time to chair this group. So we need to think about resources and actions regarding the group and the chair. Proposal from Axel and myself if for Harsh to take over.
15:12:59 <harsh> Bert: There is no formal process for selecting a chair. If anyone objects, they can make it known.
15:13:06 <bud> bud has joined #dpvcg
15:13:30 <harsh> Bert: Any objections to having Harsh as the chair? (No objections noted)
15:14:11 <harsh> Bert: Will update the website accordingly.
15:14:30 <harsh> Harsh: We can start the next set of actoins/work next year from Jan.
15:14:55 <harsh> Bert: Should we start on a charter / plan or leave it for January?
15:15:07 <harsh> harsh: We can start one on the mailing list and formalise it in Jan on the website or Wiki
15:16:44 <harsh> Bert: Any ideas for resources?
15:16:56 <harsh> Mark: Perhaps an advertising or announcement for inviting contributions / members
15:17:53 <harsh> Mark: There are other W3C groups which we can liase / collaborate with
15:18:32 <harsh> Bert: Next item, as SPECIAL project is ending, the vocabularies could be moved to the DPVCG, and continued to be worked
15:19:03 <harsh> harsh: It makes sense since we used the SPECIAL base vocabulary for DPV
15:19:06 <Bert> -> https://www.specialprivacy.eu/vocabs SPECIAL vocabs
15:21:48 <Bert> issue-20?
15:21:48 <trackbot> issue-20 -- How to express sensity of data? -- raised
15:21:48 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/20
15:25:03 <harsh> Bert: Discussing ISSUE-20 regarding sensitivity of data
15:25:30 <harsh> Bud: an example that comes to mind is about location whether it is a single point or a time-series dataset. So it is context dependant on whether location is sensitive.
15:26:09 <harsh> harsh: So I think we can turn this in to an Open Issue and have more discussions later
15:28:03 <Bert> issue-19?
15:28:03 <trackbot> issue-19 -- Do we need a generic mechanism to describe conditions, constraints and restrcitions to a specific processing or data category or can we re-use odrl's mechanism? -- raised
15:28:03 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/19
15:29:28 <Bert> issue-21?
15:29:28 <trackbot> issue-21 -- Ask for specific feedback on (un)ambiguity of the term descriptions -- raised
15:29:28 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/21
15:29:31 <harsh> Bert: ISSUE-19 on use of ODRL for constraints
15:29:40 <harsh> harsh: Last discussion on this was with Simon and Axel on using ODRL or SHACL
15:33:47 <Bert> issue-22?
15:33:47 <trackbot> issue-22 -- We ask for particular feedback on whether and how to extend the list/taxonomy of controllers and recipients in the current vocabulary. -- raised
15:33:47 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/22
15:41:42 <Bert> issue-23?
15:41:42 <trackbot> issue-23 -- Should we add more subclasses to communicationrecording (e.g. distinguishing chats, personalmessaging, videocommunication, telephony, etc.) and which ones? -- raised
15:41:42 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/23
15:43:06 <Bert> issue-24?
15:43:07 <trackbot> issue-24 -- Should we add more specific subclasses like countryofcitizenship, countryofresidence, countryofcurrentlocation to country and which ones? -- raised
15:43:07 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/24
15:48:04 <Bert> issue-25?
15:48:04 <trackbot> issue-25 -- Should we explicitly note that the the controller is always a recipient of the data, if not, do we need to make this explicit inth vocabulary, by declaring it? -- raised
15:48:04 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/25
15:54:38 <Bert> issue-26?
15:54:38 <trackbot> issue-26 -- Describe use-cases and examples showing how the vocabulary should be or can be used -- raised
15:54:38 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/26
15:56:58 <Bert> issue-27?
15:56:58 <trackbot> issue-27 -- Discuss accompanying primer document -- raised
15:56:58 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/27
15:57:45 <harsh> For Primer authors, Invite on mailing list?
15:59:36 <harsh> Next meeting on 7th Jan 2020
16:51:16 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
16:51:16 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/12/10-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
16:54:17 <Bert> present+ James, Harsh, Bert, Mark, Bud
16:55:03 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
16:55:03 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/12/10-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
16:56:12 <Bert> i/meetings from last call/topic: Approve last telcon minutes
16:56:46 <Bert> i/action-130?/topic: Action items
16:57:12 <Bert> i/Next topic, about the future of the group/Topic: The future of the DPVCG
16:57:43 <Bert> s/Proposal from Axel and myself if/Proposal from Axel and myself is
16:58:30 <Bert> i/Next item, as SPECIAL project is ending/Topic: DPVCG taking over the SPECIAL vocabularies?
17:00:43 <Bert> i/issue-20?/Topic: Issues
17:01:25 <Bert> i/Next meeting on 7th Jan 2020/Topic: AOB
17:01:29 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
17:01:29 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/12/10-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
17:05:15 <Bert> regrets: Axel, Rigo
17:05:16 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
17:05:16 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/12/10-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
18:48:24 <Bert> Zakim, bye
18:48:24 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been James, Harsh, Bert, Mark, Bud
18:48:24 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
18:48:29 <Bert> RRSAgent, bye
18:48:29 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
