12:01:51 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:01:51 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/06/08-dpvcg-irc
12:01:57 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
12:02:00 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
12:02:08 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:02:32 <harsh> Date: 08 JUN 2022
12:02:44 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Jun/0003.html
12:07:09 <harsh> Present: harsh, paul, georg, beatriz
13:56:05 <harsh> Topic:  Criteria for determining fines by EDPB
13:56:40 <harsh> Georg has ongoing work on the criterias specified for determining fines for GDPR based on the recent guidelines consultation by EDPB. This is early work and Georg will share it will the group at a later stage.
13:56:50 <harsh> EDPB document - https://edpb.europa.eu/our-work-tools/documents/public-consultations/2022/guidelines-042022-calculation-administrative_en
13:57:04 <harsh> Topic: Resolution of Technology Concepts
13:57:15 <harsh> The group agrees with the usefulness of these concepts.
14:05:46 <harsh> There were concerns about the potential for this taxonomy to grow to a large size or to encapsulate various terms used for the same concepts. The rationale of the proposal is to provide a separate extension for this reason, and to choose one set of concepts for providing structure.
14:06:22 <harsh> Julian had specific concerns about the expression of "Vulnerability" and "Vulnerability Exploitation" concepts because of the differences with how these terms are used (elsewhere).
14:06:48 <harsh> These terms have now been merged under the common `Security` concept with variations for Detection, Prevention, Mitigation, and Monitoring.
14:07:29 <harsh> The terms `DigitalService` and `OnlineService` have been removed as they do not relate to technologies and are covered by `TechnologyProvisionMethod` concept.
14:08:42 <harsh> The terms `TrackingCookie` and `TrackingPixel` have been removed as they express the purpose (tracking) alongwith technology (cookie). Instead, the group agrees to provide only technologies within this technology and to have purposes specified through (main) DPV.
14:09:30 <harsh> The term `PIMS` has been expanded to `PersonalInformationManagementSystem` to avoid ambiguity and confusion. The term `PersonalDataStore` has been removed as it expresses the same concept as and is a synonym for PIMS.
14:10:14 <harsh> These changes will be reflected in the earlier proposal - https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022May/0007.html
14:10:25 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
14:10:43 <harsh> We will meet again in a week, WED JUN-15 at 14:00 CEST.
14:11:22 <harsh> Agenda will consist of finalising the agreement on technological concepts - if there are any further feedback or objections on mailing list.
14:11:49 <harsh> Agenda will further consist of taking up other proposals, starting with concepts from DPIA to be included within main DPV.
14:12:03 <harsh> Previous minutes - https://www.w3.org/2022/06/01-dpvcg-minutes.html
14:12:05 <harsh> zakim, bye
14:12:05 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, paul, georg, beatriz
14:12:05 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
14:12:11 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
14:12:11 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/06/08-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:12:16 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
14:13:19 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
14:13:19 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
