11:56:20 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
11:56:20 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/09/02-dpvcg-irc
11:56:30 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
11:56:54 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call 02-SEP-2020
11:57:01 <harsh> Chair: harsh
11:57:05 <harsh> scribe: harsh
11:57:24 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Sep/0000.html
12:02:14 <harsh> present+ Georg
12:02:48 <harsh> present+ harsh
12:03:51 <harsh> harsh+ Timo
12:03:55 <harsh> harsh+ Beatriz
12:08:15 <harsh> present+ Timo
12:08:19 <harsh> present+ Beatriz
12:08:33 <harsh> s/harsh+/present+/G
12:08:52 <harsh> present+ GeorgLioudakis
12:09:52 <harsh> present+ AxelPolleres
12:14:13 <harsh> topic: Updating group's page and objectives
12:14:52 <harsh> harsh: create a wiki page, share on mailing list for comments, approve on calls
12:16:35 <harsh> AxelPolleres: change 'plan to' to 'missing and doing objectives' on an evolving and continous basis
12:17:18 <harsh> GeorgeLioudakis: another thing of interest is about defining constraints on top of data model
12:19:27 <harsh> GeorgeLioudakis: constraints related to e.g. access control associated with purpose
12:29:00 <harsh> harsh: You should send this on to the mailing list for discussion or file it as an use-case on GitHub
12:33:21 <harsh> topic: Adding concepts to DPV
12:33:50 <harsh> harsh: We have some open questions to answer regarding semantics (e.g. OWL-DL vs OWL-Full) and how the DPV should be used.
12:34:12 <harsh> AxelPolleres: Piero would be the best person to answer that since the DPV is based on the model derived from SPECIAL in the F2F workshop
12:34:43 <harsh> AxelPolleres: We can have a larger meeting call (in lieu of F2F) to discuss this and have the next iteration of the ontology
12:35:01 <harsh> harsh: Okay, I will propose Nov-Dec as potential time for a 'workshop' to the mailing list
12:35:24 <harsh> topic: ISSUES / ACTIONS
12:35:49 <harsh> harsh: If everyone could go over the open issues and actions and close old ones as well as see which ones need more attention
12:36:00 <harsh> topic: Use-cases
12:36:31 <harsh> Contribute use-cases (broad, narrow, specific -- any) to help guide the objectives of the group as well as development of DPV
12:36:40 <harsh> topic: open for discussion
12:37:17 <harsh> GeorgLioudakis: If there is time available in the next call, I can present work on done on the BPR4GDPR project which is of relevance to this group
12:37:26 <harsh> Georg will share abstract and solicit interest on the mailing list
12:37:43 <harsh> zakim, bye
12:37:43 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been Georg, harsh, Timo, Beatriz, GeorgLioudakis, AxelPolleres
12:37:43 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
12:37:52 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
12:37:55 <rigo> anybody having the dialout info for me? I haven't put it in my calendar
12:38:00 <harsh> rrsagent, draft minutes
12:38:00 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/09/02-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
12:38:18 <harsh> Hi Rigo, we were using a link on Jitsi (the call has ended now)
12:38:35 <harsh> Dialing info was on Agenda https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Sep/0000.html
12:38:52 <rigo> ah, ok, just to note that I have people and use cases in the pipeline to get more support
12:39:18 <harsh> It would be very helpful to have those, thanks!
12:39:22 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
12:39:22 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
