12:58:53 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:58:53 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/02/03-dpvcg-irc
12:59:39 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
13:00:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call 03 Feb 2021
13:00:12 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:03:05 <harsh> Present: harsh, paulryan, beatriz, rana, davidhickey, julio, nishad, delaram
13:03:32 <harsh> Regrets: georgkrog
13:03:44 <harsh> Date: 03 Feb 2021
13:03:59 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Jan/0021.html
13:05:04 <harsh> Topic: Introductions
13:05:19 <harsh> new members, first time attendees
13:06:41 <harsh> Topic: DPV, DPV-GDPR published
13:07:27 <harsh> beatriz: fixes, typos, text - submitted on GitHub
13:07:38 <harsh> paulryan: went through Primer document
13:08:04 <harsh> Topic: DPV Adoption page in Wiki - updates from volunteers
13:08:20 <harsh> beatriz: looking on Google Scholar for papers mentioning DPV
13:08:37 <harsh> beatriz: few mention it but don't use, others do use it - so descriptions contain brief summary of what is being used
13:09:41 <harsh> julio: found a paper which I think is about evaluation - paper by Nishad about MetaProfiles. Question: is this evaluation?
13:10:13 <harsh> nishad: paper compares DPV for a scenario, so it should be counted as evaluation in terms of sufficiency
13:11:56 <harsh> Topic: Going through open issues, actions on tracker and GitHub
13:14:00 <harsh> Please go through open issues, actions, and try to take up things of interest
13:15:33 <harsh> Topic: DPV presented at Legal Hackathon by beatriz
13:15:58 <harsh> mailing list: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Jan/0020.html
13:16:16 <harsh> beatriz: Presented at ANCR - Advanced Notice and Consent Receipt working group in Kantara
13:16:27 <harsh> beatriz: They want to produce v2 of Consent Receipt
13:16:52 <harsh> beatriz: They want interoperability between groups, and people can join and work on this
13:17:19 <harsh> beatriz: presentation went well, few questions about availability and GitHub
13:17:37 <harsh> beatriz: The vocabulary provided by DPV is relevant for producing the kind of interoperable data they want
13:18:41 <harsh> link to wiki for ANCR: https://kantarainitiative.org/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=140804260
13:18:54 <harsh> beatriz: starting work this week, plan to have v2 in 6 months
13:20:43 <harsh> harsh: I'm involved in the PaE:CG project which is related to this work and also about consent receipts
13:21:28 <harsh> harsh: We'll be proposing the consent receipt fields and work back for inclusion in DPV whenever the next iteration happens
13:21:35 <harsh> project: https://paecg.github.io/
13:21:46 <harsh> Topic: Presentation on DPV use by paul
13:24:15 <harsh> Related to GDPR requirements and compliance
13:24:31 <harsh> Specifically about ROPA (Register of Processing Activities) and their information requirements
13:24:52 <harsh> Went through guidance and ROPA templates from 14 DPAs
13:25:14 <harsh> Created a combined model representing all ROPAs, Matched concepts with DPV for sufficiency
13:25:24 <harsh> Mapping outcome: none, exact, complex, partial
13:25:54 <harsh> Contributed terms back into DPV - see new terms in v0.2
13:26:12 <harsh> Next work relates to accountability using CSM-ROPA (common semantic model of ROPA)
13:27:07 <harsh> Evaluates extent of CSM-ROPA to express ROPA in ICO accountability tracker
13:27:20 <harsh> Shows how DPV is used and is useful in cases towards legal compliance procedures
13:27:43 <harsh> next step is building a catalogue of data processing activities and processes (etc.) and building compliance tools on top of that
13:32:43 <harsh> Q&A + discussion session
13:46:33 <harsh> Topic: Next meeting
13:50:53 <harsh> In 2 weeks, on 17th Feb at 13:00 WET / 14:00 CET
13:51:33 <harsh> We will have rana present her work on annotating a corpus of tweets using DPV
13:51:51 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:51:51 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, paulryan, beatriz, rana, davidhickey, julio, nishad, delaram
13:51:51 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:51:57 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
13:52:55 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
13:52:55 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/02/03-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:53:26 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
13:53:43 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
14:10:38 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
14:10:38 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
