20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harsh, georg, tytti, beatriz, paul, mark
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 25 OCT 2023
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/3228df35-afc8-4125-be1d-219c5cfd3aff/20231025T150000/
20:09:57 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-10-25

20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Updating concepts for non-personal data
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99 -> Issue 99 Proposal to change DPV scope to include Non-Personal Data (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> The task is to go through the spreadsheets and assess whether a concept is limited or scoped to personal data and should be changed to consider data. For example, `Purpose` is defined for processing of personal data, which should be changed to processing of data.
20:10:04 <harsh> georg and paul to go through the spreadsheet for non-personal data changes required and mark rows in bold where changes are needed or make changes where needed (edit access to all spreadsheets)
20:10:04 <harsh> ACTION: georg and paul to go through the spreadsheet for non-personal data changes required
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Updates to documentation
20:10:04 <harsh> \ see live version at https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/
20:14:33 <harsh> Topic: Categories of Data Subjects
20:14:51 <harsh> see email by harsh https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Oct/0018.html
20:14:51 <harsh> Subtopic: Active/Passive
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/116 -> Issue 116  Add Intended and Active Data Subject categories (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [question]
20:14:51 <harsh> harsh: having /Active/Passive/ concept for /Data Subject/ would be useful, as stated from Delaram's use-case. For the other entities, we keep them proposed at the moment to explore clarity and usefulness.
20:14:51 <harsh> Subtopic: Informed/Uninformed
20:14:51 <harsh> discussion on whether these concepts are useful to have and for which entities other than the data subject
20:14:51 <harsh> paul: yes, e.g. breach, rights
20:14:51 <harsh> paul: `ProcessorInformed` should also be added 
20:14:51 <harsh> mark: useful to trakc status of being informed (data subject)
20:14:51 <harsh> harsh: do we need third party being informed?
20:14:51 <harsh> mark: shouldn't a third party be a /third party controller/? i.e. is it an adjective or a role
20:14:51 <harsh> harsh: GDPR Art.4-10 defines third party as a role 
20:14:51 <harsh> georg: Califonia law requires recipient to confirm deletion of data - so this also counts as being informed
20:14:51 <harsh> Subtopic: Expected/Unexpected
20:14:51 <harsh> \ difference between /Intended/ (intent with control) and /Expected/ (expect without control)
20:14:51 <harsh> Subtopic: Determination
20:14:51 <harsh> \ expressed using property `isDeterminedByEntity`
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Discussed without updates
20:10:04 <harsh> \ TECH extension
20:10:04 <harsh> \ NIS2/DORA concepts
20:17:01 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
20:17:01 <harsh> The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED NOV-01 15:00 WET / 16:00 CET. Agenda includes discussions on: 1) Active/Passive etc. concepts ; 2) Automation and Human Involvement concepts ; 3) AOB.