11:53:17 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
11:53:17 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/10/21-dpvcg-irc
11:54:29 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call 21-OCT-2020
11:54:34 <harsh> Chair: harsh
11:54:41 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Oct/0001.html
11:54:51 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
11:55:28 <harsh> rrsagent, please set these logs world-visible
12:01:42 <harsh> present+ PaulRyan
12:05:34 <harsh> present+ beatriz
12:29:28 <harsh> Topic: DPVCG Workshop 04-NOV-2020
12:29:34 <harsh> We have an agenda at https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/Workshop20201104
12:29:46 <harsh> Items will be attended to in order of the agenda on the day of the workshop
12:30:07 <harsh> For terms, we will use the spreadsheethttps://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11bjy424zwC_j4bj9pnhmmI8o7RgrJfX4NgsZ31iR3Wo/edit?usp=sharing
12:30:27 <harsh> Terms will be collected from mailing list and added to the spreadsheet as proposed or resolved
12:30:36 <harsh> Beatriz will be leading the collection of terms
12:31:11 <harsh> For people planning to join, please add your preference (or simply register interest) on the poll at https://framadate.org/dpvcg-workshop-4NOV20
12:31:39 <harsh> present+ GeorgeLioudakis
12:31:54 <harsh> Next meeting will be the workshop on 4-NOV
12:32:08 <harsh> Link to be circulated on the internal mailing-list
12:32:11 <harsh> zakim, bye
12:32:11 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been PaulRyan, beatriz, GeorgeLioudakis
12:32:11 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
12:32:15 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
12:32:34 <harsh> rrsagent, please create minutes v2
12:32:34 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/10/21-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
12:32:37 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
12:32:37 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
