13:01:18 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:01:22 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2023/06/01-dpvcg-irc
13:01:22 <ghurlbot> ghurlbot has joined #dpvcg
13:01:24 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
13:01:26 <harsh> repo: w3c/dpv
13:01:33 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
13:01:36 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:02:43 <harsh> Date: 06 JUL 2023
13:04:18 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/bb8bebec-928a-4095-9722-0c38de7db2f0/20230706T140000/
13:07:14 <harsh> present: beatriz, georg, paul, delaram, ted, harsh

13:07:14 <harsh> minutes - https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
13:07:14 <harsh> Multi-lingual translations - no updates (georg)

13:07:14 <harsh> Topic: Data Breach extension
13:07:14 <harsh> review of data breach document
13:07:14 <harsh> see email: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Jun/0003.html
13:07:14 <harsh> see document: https://harshp.com/dpv-x/data-breach/
13:07:14 <harsh> ghurlbot, get #64
13:07:14 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/64 -> Issue 64 Provide concepts for Data Breach (coolharsh55)
13:07:14 <harsh> harsh: concepts from the previous emails and the guidance document have been collated into a spreadsheet as requested in the last meeting - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JT0dYFUiEomuP5EvoivuCUX6H78d7I839VeT5o-4-bE/edit?usp=sharing
13:07:14 <harsh> DONE: Create spreadsheet with Data Breach concepts
13:07:14 <harsh> georg: There are comments on the data breach document (shared Google Doc), and in addition there are also incident notifications mentioned in the NIS2 and DORA regulations
13:07:14 <harsh> harsh: I have included the changes from the Google Doc into the guidance document. For NIS2 and DORA, we should treat them as a separate proposal since data breach notifications are a distinct regulatory action. The goal would be to create a similar structure that all incident notifications are interoperable, with regulation specific variations as needed. I am working on the NIS2 concepts based on georg's provided analysis.
13:07:14 <harsh> \ pending actions that are carried over
13:07:14 <harsh> ACTION: Include EDPB examples in the Data Breach document
13:07:14 <harsh> ACTION: Investigate NIS2 notification concepts for use with Data Breach notifications
13:07:14 <harsh> ACTION: Finish sections 7 to 9 of data breaches document for review

13:07:14 <harsh> Topic: Impact of changes from DGA
13:07:14 <harsh> ghurlbot, get #62
13:07:14 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/62 -> Issue 89 Add DGA/eIDAas entities (coolharsh55)
13:07:14 <harsh> ghurlbot, get #99
13:07:14 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99 -> Proposal to change DPV scope to include Non-Personal Data (coolharsh55)
13:07:14 <harsh> Email sent around by harsh regarding changes of concepts and impact on DPV. First question is whether the non-personal data concepts should be considered in scope. Second question is how they should be added. There are 4 options for addition, along with their impact on the existing structure and concepts in DPV. See https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Jul/0003.html
13:07:14 <harsh> Option 1 is to change the core concepts, e.g. Purpose, to refer to both personal and non-personal data. This will mean a MAJOR change to DPV. We take input from community whether to use a new namespace, e.g. `dpv/v2`. Option 2 is creating a new extension for non-personal data. No impact on existing use of DPV, but large duplication of concepts in new extension. Option 3 is to discard the proposal. Option 4 is the same as option 1, except we create a new vocabulary and discontinue dpv. This gives license to make major changes, but has the drawback that people will have to find it and opt in.
13:07:14 <harsh> My preference is for option 1, with making changes to existing vocabulary if possible, otherwise having a new namespace if needed based on feedback
13:07:14 <harsh> georg: sent email reply - yes to Q1, NO for vocabulary for non-personal data, for Q2 prefer option 1 but would like to discuss option 4.
13:07:14 <harsh> beatriz: sent email reply - yes to Q1, NO for non-personal data taxonomy, for Q2 option 1.
13:07:14 <harsh> harsh: okay, so we keep inviting feedback and making a record of changes. This is an important and major proposal - so giving people time to find the questions, think about impact, and discuss it here is important. Right now people might be on vacation due to summer. So we will keep a rolling discussion on this until August or September and then try to find a resolution so that the v2 vocabulary might be released by year end.
13:07:14 <harsh> ACTION: Invite feedback and discussion on the impact of proposed changes from DGA modelling

13:07:14 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
13:07:14 <harsh> \ The next meeting will be in 1 week on JUL-13 at 14:00 WEST / 15:00 CEST.
13:07:14 <harsh> \ Topics for discussion will include (1) Data Breach extension - review spreadsheet and document - harsh, georg, paul; (2) DGA concepts - beatriz, georg; (3) Risk Management concepts - delaram; (4) Impact of proposed changes from DGA modelling.
