22:28:39 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
22:28:39 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/11/23-dpvcg-irc
22:28:45 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
22:28:48 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
22:28:51 <harsh> Chair: harsh
22:29:01 <harsh> Present: harsh, georg, paul, julian, beatriz, delaram
22:29:08 <harsh> Date: 23 NOV 2022
22:29:26 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Nov/0004.html
22:29:37 <harsh> Previous minutes -> https://www.w3.org/2022/11/16-dpvcg-minutes.html
22:31:50 <harsh> Topic: DPV v1 prep
22:35:18 <harsh> We discussed pending issues on GitHub and resolved all open issues for v1.
22:35:44 <harsh> The collection of issues is at - https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/50
22:36:06 <harsh>  Specify conditions, constraints, or restrictions e.g. for purpose or data category #18 - resolved as we have Rules now.
22:36:07 <Github> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/18 : Specify conditions, constraints, or restrictions e.g. for purpose or data category
22:36:43 <harsh>  Add/Expand Purpose Categories #22 - resolved as we have refined the purposes recently and identify no major issues.
22:36:44 <Github> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/22 : Add/Expand Purpose Categories
22:37:36 <harsh>  Adding Safeguards to DPV #23 - resolved as we went through the list and have confirmed the safeguards are present in DPV.
22:37:37 <Github> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/23 : Adding Safeguards to DPV
22:38:00 <harsh>  DPV releases should contain only the vocabulary #40 - resolved as code has been implemented.
22:38:01 <Github> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/40 : DPV releases should contain only the vocabulary
22:38:23 <harsh>  List of concepts, documentation, and other things to be provided in DPV v1.0.0 #38 - resolved as we have agreed on v1 concepts and future work.
22:38:24 <Github> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/38 : List of concepts, documentation, and other things to be provided in DPV v1.0.0
22:41:55 <harsh> Topic: Adding PII as a concept
22:43:41 <harsh> We discussed whether to add PII as a concept as it is used in several use-cases and jurisdictions.
22:44:27 <harsh> The issue is the exact definition of PII and its relation with PersonalData. There are several different iterations, and while providing PII may be of value, if it is the exact same as PersonalData, then there is no need to provide a concept separately.
22:44:44 <harsh> Instead, if PII is a subtype of PersonalData, then this should be made explicitly clear through the definition.
22:44:56 <harsh> We have decided for now to keep the issue open and discuss it later.
22:46:22 <harsh> Indicating PII i.e. Personally Identifiable data category or categories in combination #14
22:46:23 <Github> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/14 : Indicating PII i.e. Personally Identifiable data category or categories in combination
22:46:26 <harsh> (relevant issue)
22:46:32 <harsh> Topic: Sensitivity of Data
22:46:45 <harsh> Express 'sensitivity' of data #11 - relevant issue
22:46:47 <Github> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/11 : Express 'sensitivity' of data
22:48:13 <harsh> We discussed whether we should provide sensitivity of data as a concept/relation to indicate how sensitive the data is (on a scale).
22:48:46 <harsh> Harsh's proposal is to reuse Severity instead of creating a separate scale, since the use of severity is tied to risk/impact which uses levels and severities.
22:49:17 <harsh> Paul disagrees that such use is compantible, and that severity reflects association with impact, whereas severity is a concept applicable before use.
22:49:28 <harsh> We have decided to keep the issue open for this discussion to continue later.
22:49:38 <harsh> Topic: Pending tasks
22:49:56 <harsh> Documentation Style Guide #39 - harsh will create a wiki page with some collected requirements
22:49:57 <Github> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/39 : Documentation Style Guide
22:50:36 <harsh> Diagrams #24 #65 - Georg and Delaram are working on this
22:50:38 <Github> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/24 : Diagrams in documentation for better view of concepts
22:50:38 <Github> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/65 : Add/Update diagrams in DPV for v1
22:51:43 <harsh> Use-Cases and Examples showing how vocab can be used #12 - harsh and beatriz are editing these
22:51:44 <Github> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/12 : Use-Cases and Examples showing how vocab can be used
22:52:28 <harsh> georg has suggested to not use new concepts (~ex:Concept~) in the examples as it causes confusion as to where those concepts are in DPV. Or, to provide textual description that these concepts have been created to show how DPV's concepts can be extended.
22:52:43 <harsh> Machine-readable requests to execute rights #4 Rights Exercise - will be integrated in v1, needs textual description
22:52:45 <Github> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/4 : Machine-readable requests to execute rights
22:52:50 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
22:53:10 <harsh> We will meet again in 1 week, on WED NOV-30 13:00 WET / 14:00 CET
22:53:35 <harsh> Agenda will be finalising DPV v1, and publishing it.
22:53:52 <harsh> Other than textual descriptions to be added to the specification, and the diagrams, no other issues have urgency.
22:54:10 <harsh> The guides, use-cases, examples, and refinements will continue to happen post v1 release.
22:54:18 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
22:54:18 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/11/23-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
22:54:23 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
22:55:43 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
22:55:43 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
