12:56:29 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:56:29 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/02/17-dpvcg-irc
12:56:36 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
12:56:40 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
12:56:43 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:56:52 <harsh> Date: 17 02 2021
12:57:09 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Feb/0006.html
12:58:25 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
13:00:58 <harsh> Present: paul, delaram, rana
13:01:05 <harsh> Present: harsh
13:04:00 <harsh> Present: beatriz, nishad
13:04:07 <harsh> Topic: Open Issues/Actions on W3C tracker
13:07:20 <harsh> Present: georg
13:09:24 <harsh> see issue/tracker https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/open
13:10:57 <harsh> Topic: Presentation by Rana
13:11:04 <harsh> On: Building a Corpus of Physical Health Data Disclosure on Twitter during the Covid-19 Pandemic
13:12:42 <harsh> rana: users share personal data in social media networks (OSN) which has implications regarding privacy threats
13:13:16 <harsh> rana: NLP can help with detecting such threats, more specifically: discrimination in job searchers, harassment, bullying, identity theft, misuse of health information
13:14:55 <harsh> rana: detection of persona ldata or PII is a (current and topical) challenge
13:15:22 <harsh> rana: PHDD: A Corpus of Physical Health Data Disclosure on Twitter during COVID-19
13:16:03 <harsh> rana: tweets wre collected using keywords, hastags, regex, and were tagged based on criteria regarding health information or subject
13:17:34 <harsh> rana: we published corpus in RDF and JSON; for RDF we created lightweight ontology "privacy tags for health information"
13:18:07 <harsh> rana: DPV provides broad categories for personal data and health categories (physical, mental health)
13:18:28 <harsh> rana: used HL7 concepts regarding confidentiality and sensitivity
13:19:24 <harsh> Health Level Seven International (HL7) is a standard for health data https://www.hl7.org/
13:21:05 <harsh> rana: descriptive blog with example at https://ranasaniei.now.sh/posts/corpus
13:22:03 <harsh> rana: future work includes use of supervised ML techniques for detection of health sensitive information, to notify users if shared content are sensitive, implement fine-grained access control mechanism
13:22:44 <harsh> Q&A / discussion
13:24:21 <harsh> beatriz: why did you not use the HL7 concepts to tag the tweets?
13:24:57 <harsh> rana: for this work, we focused on the data subject; whereas the concepts from HL7 regarding sensitivity or confidentiality are relevant for information providers
13:25:44 <harsh> beatriz: how do you measure confidentiality?
13:26:59 <harsh> rana: based on contents or related concept in sensitive data categories e.g. special categories in GDPR
13:28:10 <harsh> paul: why did you break up the text into nouns, pronouns, etc.?
13:29:39 <harsh> rana: this information is relevant and useful for NLP tasks
13:29:58 <harsh> harsh: regarding HL7, is this the same as FHIR, or are they tw o separate things?
13:30:24 <harsh> rana: we used HL7 v4 privacy and security ontology
13:30:54 <harsh> harsh: do you think we should take up some concepts from HL7 related to privacy/sensitivity?
13:31:08 <harsh> rana: HL7 is more focused on healthcare, whereas DPV is more generic
13:35:58 <harsh> Topic: terms proposed by Beatriz and Rana
13:36:03 <harsh> See https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Feb/0005.html
13:36:51 <harsh> beatriz: Rana and myself have been analysing fitness apps policies, and we extracted terms missing in DPV
13:38:57 <harsh> present: marklizar
13:39:14 <harsh> There are a lot of fine-grained concepts which might not be suitable to DPV
13:39:20 <harsh> Date of birth is relevant to age
13:39:40 <harsh> Some others are not immediately relevant e.g. water intake as they can be broken down into more related concepts e.g. number of glasses
13:49:23 <harsh> We seem to have a gap in concepts regarding Health, Medical Health, physical health, etc. and the concepts proposed
13:53:31 <harsh> We need to figure out the proper structure for this in terms of hierarchy
13:53:34 <harsh> Topic: next meeting
13:54:05 <harsh> We will move to having a meeting next week 24-FEB 13:00 WET / 14:00 CET
13:54:15 <harsh> Tentative topic for the agenda is continued discussion on proposed topics
13:54:31 <harsh> Topic: RDF Vocab tool by Nishad
13:55:17 <harsh> nishad: https://github.com/zazuko/rdf-vocabularies tool for working with ontologies as datasets / prefixes
13:55:41 <harsh> nishad: I have added DPV to the tool, so all terms from DPV show up within the term/vocab finder
13:58:08 <harsh> nishad: so when we update vocabulary, the urls must stay same for the updates
13:59:43 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:59:43 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been marklizar
13:59:43 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:59:52 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
13:59:52 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/02/17-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:00:52 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
14:00:52 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
