12:04:33 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:04:33 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/10/27-dpvcg-irc
12:04:46 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
12:04:49 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
12:04:51 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:05:17 <harsh> Present: harsh, georg, beatriz, julian, lisha
12:05:29 <harsh> Date: 27 OCT 2021
12:05:41 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Oct/0010.html
12:11:18 <harsh> Topic: Privacy Policy concepts
12:12:00 <harsh> email with concepts and relation to DPV https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Oct/0012.html
12:12:37 <harsh> present+: mark
12:13:05 <harsh> georg: this is privacy policy/notice, and based on what information should be provided as per GDPR A.13 and A.14
12:16:57 <harsh> harsh: we need a way to 'package information' in a policy, and then that policy can be used as needed in a notice, or an agreement or documentation
12:17:19 <harsh> harsh: so first we consider what information needs to go in and if these exist in DPV, then we can revisit specific applications like privacy notices
12:17:51 <harsh> (shared screen showing concepts in spreadsheet)
12:18:23 <harsh> georg: Expressing a policy is for a specific scope or context, e.g. for specific data subjects. It would be better if this was expressed by/in the policy itself.
12:19:37 <harsh> mark: in consent receipts, we've added notice location and info about whether person has read the notice or the sign
12:24:00 <harsh> harsh: is this a need for associating specific metadata defining scope for policy or a general description that can be done in text?
12:25:01 <harsh> georg: there is a need to associate with specific concepts, e.g. category of data subject
12:34:03 <harsh> mark: (discussion on notice and notice location)
12:34:27 <harsh> mark: DPV should draw from other jurisdictions/laws besides GDPR e.g. Canada has higher requirements for consent than GDPR
12:35:03 <harsh> harsh: DPVCG welcomes inputs from other jurisdictions, and specifically asks for submitting contributions similar to DPV-GDPR
12:38:21 <harsh> harsh: next concept - hasPersonalDataHandling to link PDH to a Policy or to another PDH
12:38:32 <harsh> georg: how to uniquely identify a PDH? Does it have a name or an id?
12:39:05 <harsh> harsh: in sem-web, the IRI is the unique identity, but in case this is a non-sem-web implementation, then hasName or hasIdentifier could be used
12:39:32 <harsh> georg: how to explain PDH to humans? where is the description?
12:39:52 <harsh> harsh: in sem-web, you can annotate a PDH with label + description to summarise and provide overview respectively
13:04:00 <harsh> harsh: for expressing country, it would be better to express it as Jurisdiction first and then derive Country or other jurisdictional categories from it
13:04:21 <harsh> harsh: So for properties, there would be hasJurisdiction and hasCountry (as country is necessary in many use-cases)
13:04:41 <harsh> harsh: the term 'Country' though has a clash with PersonalDataCategory of same name.
13:05:06 <harsh> harsh: Additionally, the use of 'country' could be country where an entity is based in, headquartered, operates in, etc. So tricky to model this.
13:05:32 <harsh> For authority, we add property hasAuthority to enable linking authorities to relevant concepts
13:05:56 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
13:06:22 <harsh> We will meet again in +1 week, on NOV-03 at 13:00 WET / 14:00 CET
13:06:38 <harsh> Note the time changes due to end of daylight saving time
13:06:53 <harsh> We will continue discussion on these concepts, and AOB
13:06:57 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:06:57 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, georg, beatriz, julian, lisha, :, mark
13:06:57 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:07:06 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
13:07:06 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/10/27-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:07:09 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
13:07:35 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
13:07:35 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
