13:01:18 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:01:22 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2023/06/01-dpvcg-irc
13:01:22 <ghurlbot> ghurlbot has joined #dpvcg
13:01:24 <paul> Scribe: paul
13:01:26 <paul> repo: w3c/dpv
13:01:33 <paul> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
13:01:36 <paul> Chair: paul
13:02:43 <paul> Date: 01 JUN 2023
13:04:18 <paul> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/57d19fbf-a510-47a0-bf16-907b0711c079
13:07:14 <paul> Present: paul, delaram,  georg, TedThibodeauJr, beatriz, markLizar, julian
13:54:15 <paul> Regrets: harsh
15:54:05 <paul> Topic: Data Breach
15:54:15 <paul> Continued discussion on data breach records. See issue https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/64 for summary and discussion.
15:54:15 <paul> Proposal shared on mailing list - https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023May/0007.html
15:54:15 <paul> Review of Data Breach Information Concepts – agreement on all concepts
15:54:15 <paul> Query regarding new concepts - `dpv:UnknownApplicability`, `dpv:NotApplicable`, `dpv:NotAvailale`
15:54:15 <paul> beatriz: confirmed that these concepts are part of the main DPV and not the data breach extension 
15:54:15 <paul> markLizar: Recommendation that there should be a guideline document provided as part to the DPV Data Breach extension providing information for users on how to use/ best practices for the data breach extension. 
15:54:15 <paul> markLizar: Dynamic Notification – indicating that data breach is notified dynamically should a breach occur
15:54:15 <paul> markLizar: Automated Notification – the process of sending a breach communication without intervention.  
15:54:15 <paul> Suggestion – when we are modeling concepts such as “assessments” which are widely used in many differing Privacy contexts,  we should work towards a general high level; concept of assessment, rather than a new term for each type of assessment e.g data breach assessment, mitigation assessment etc 
16:14:10 <paul> Topic: Next meeting
16:14:31 <paul> harsh: The next meeting will take place on 08 June at 14:00 WEST / 15:00 CEST
15:54:15 <paul> Topics will include - Finalise Data Breach extension ; and Mapping of the DGA  mapping exercise updated from Georg/ Harsh and Beatriz  