12:01:24 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:01:24 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/07/08-dpvcg-irc
12:01:33 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
12:01:55 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Call 08-JUL-2020
12:02:01 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:02:13 <harsh> present+ Georg
12:02:20 <harsh> present+ beatriz
12:03:30 <harsh> agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Jul/0003.html
12:05:23 <harsh> topic: approve minutes from last meeting
12:06:05 <harsh> RESOLUTION: no objections
12:06:14 <harsh> topic: deliverables and timeline
12:06:34 <harsh> see email: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Jun/0015.html
12:06:40 <harsh> scribe: harsh
12:08:10 <harsh> ACTION: harsh to create page for new participants and contributors
12:08:11 <trackbot> Created ACTION-144 - Create page for new participants and contributors [on Harshvardhan J. Pandit - due 2020-07-15].
12:08:30 <harsh> georg: we need more active partipants
12:08:49 <harsh> beatriz: we could have a dedicated meeting for adding new concepts to DPV and the meeting would be focused on this work only
12:10:46 <harsh> harsh: we use the spreadsheet we have for the DPV can be extended with additional sheet for 'proposed', we add concepts ready for inclusion from the mailing list and resolve them in the meeting
12:11:04 <harsh> ACTION: harsh to add proposed tab to the spreadsheet for concepts
12:11:05 <trackbot> Created ACTION-145 - Add proposed tab to the spreadsheet for concepts [on Harshvardhan J. Pandit - due 2020-07-15].
12:11:22 <harsh> ACTION: harsh to organise DPV concepts update meeting
12:11:23 <trackbot> Created ACTION-146 - Organise dpv concepts update meeting [on Harshvardhan J. Pandit - due 2020-07-15].
12:12:59 <harsh> harsh: we should list use-cases, we have some on the Wiki - we should extend that section
12:13:18 <harsh> Georg: we should categorise use-cases and then list/expand them; then we advertise for adding use-cases
12:14:37 <harsh> harsh: we can use Github for issues as it provides a wider audience
12:14:43 <harsh> present+ PaulKnowles
12:16:49 <harsh> topic: adding concepts to DPV
12:17:18 <harsh> harsh: we have had concepts suggested by Signatu on the mailing list
12:18:29 <harsh> regarding source of data: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Jul/0001.html
12:20:14 <harsh> Georg: source is direct point of collection, origin is the origin/first point.
12:21:50 <harsh> harsh: where to define source? To me, this is similar to storage
12:24:57 <harsh> RESOLUTION: source to be added to Technical measures module
12:27:15 <harsh> Georg: how to express sensitive categories of data?
12:27:33 <harsh> harsh: subclass or instantiate them as original class + special/sensitive category
12:27:40 <harsh> regarding: purpose of data https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Jul/0000.html
12:28:25 <harsh> Georg: from the discussion on the mailing list - harsh raised a comment that the phrase does not constitute purpose as defined by law, but the vendors/clients use these words
12:28:47 <harsh> Georg: It would be useful for everyone to have these (similar) categories
12:30:48 <harsh> Analytics: on its own is not a purpose, but when expanded can be e.g. Analytics for website user analysis
12:31:18 <harsh> Agreement on this interpretation
12:31:25 <harsh> Discussing: advertising
12:31:37 <harsh> present+ MarkLizar
12:33:21 <harsh> Georg: Advertisement usually means marketing, and is a bucket for all technologies
12:34:05 <harsh> harsh: Okay, as long we declare that adversiting by itself does not mean it includes profiling, personalisation, etc. - these needs to be declared additionally.
12:34:57 <harsh> RESOLUTION: Add advertising as a purpose to DPV
12:36:16 <harsh> Discussion: Cloud infrastructure and traffic distribution
12:36:25 <harsh> harsh: I think service provision covers it
12:36:52 <harsh> Georg: laws specify declaration but not level of details, so this could be necessary
12:37:50 <harsh> Discussion: Document consent
12:38:07 <harsh> harsh: This relates to a generic purpose about information collection for legal obligation
12:39:29 <harsh> harsh: How do we specify legal obligation as a purpose? Do we add 'legal obligation' as a purpose?
12:40:07 <harsh> harsh: we can ask / open thread on mailing list about this to clarify this
12:41:35 <harsh> Georg: in Signatu, we list the purpose as 'document consent' and the legal basis 'legal obligation'
12:42:40 <harsh> Discussing: Customer Management
12:43:23 <harsh> Georg: this is about lifecycle of customers (as explained in email)
12:44:34 <harsh> harsh: we have an existing purpose dpv:ImproveInternalCRMProcesses - so do we need a CRM purpose?
12:45:05 <harsh> RESOLUTION: We add Customer Relationship Management as purpose
12:45:44 <harsh> Discussing: Marketing
12:46:30 <harsh> harsh: We should add Marketing. And we should relate it to Advertisement by saying Advertising is subset of Marketing
12:47:04 <harsh> Georg: we would need to revisit this as and when ePrivacy 'redefines' Marketing
12:48:50 <harsh> topic: GA4GH status
12:48:59 <harsh> Mark: are there any updates/discussions on GA4GH?
12:49:11 <harsh> harsh: no, we had a meeting - which is on mailing list. Nothing other than that.
12:50:49 <harsh> Mark: What is covered by DPV in terms of purpose and context and what is covered by GA4GH?
12:50:54 <harsh> harsh: suggest taking that up on the mailing list
12:51:03 <harsh> topic: purpose of data https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Jul/0000.html
12:51:14 <harsh> Georg: Payment is not included in DPV
12:51:53 <harsh> Georg: Stripe and other vendors bundle purposes together e.g. purpose with fraud detection
12:52:44 <harsh> harsh: does Payment come under Service Provision? Is this always the case?
12:53:29 <harsh> Georg: not necessarily
12:54:37 <harsh> harsh: if not Service provision - then where should be list it? Also, how does this relate to Banking terminology e.g. transactions
12:55:01 <harsh> Georg: agreed, we should clarify this
12:56:49 <harsh> Discussing: Personalisation depends on/is enabled by profiling
12:56:59 <harsh> harsh: we have profiling as processing category based on GDPR A4.4
12:57:38 <harsh> Discussing: Survey
12:57:45 <harsh> harsh: by itself, it is a collection method
12:57:56 <harsh> Georg: yes, how do we specify collection methods?
12:59:09 <harsh> ISSUE: How to represent collection method of personal data?
12:59:09 <trackbot> Created ISSUE-39 - How to represent collection method of personal data?.  Please complete additional details at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/39/edit>.
13:00:51 <harsh> Next meeting in two weeks: Wed-22 14:00 CEST / 13:00 Dublin time
13:01:00 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:01:00 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been Georg, beatriz, PaulKnowles, MarkLizar
13:01:00 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:01:07 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
13:01:13 <harsh> rrsagent, draft minutes
13:01:13 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/07/08-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:01:36 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
13:01:36 <RRSAgent> I see 3 open action items saved in https://www.w3.org/2020/07/08-dpvcg-actions.rdf :
13:01:36 <RRSAgent> ACTION: harsh to create page for new participants and contributors [1]
13:01:36 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2020/07/08-dpvcg-irc#T12-08-10
13:01:36 <RRSAgent> ACTION: harsh to add proposed tab to the spreadsheet for concepts [2]
13:01:36 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2020/07/08-dpvcg-irc#T12-11-04
13:01:36 <RRSAgent> ACTION: harsh to organise DPV concepts update meeting [3]
13:01:36 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2020/07/08-dpvcg-irc#T12-11-22
