12:55:18 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:55:18 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/01/20-dpvcg-irc
12:55:23 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
12:55:34 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
12:55:49 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call 20-JAN-2021
12:55:53 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:58:07 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Jan/0015.html
12:59:27 <harsh> agenda+ DPV, DPV-GDPR published
12:59:35 <harsh> agenda+ DPV Primer progress
12:59:45 <harsh> agenda+ DPV Examples, Use-cases - documentation and ideas
12:59:54 <harsh> agenda+ DPV Adoption page in Wiki
13:00:00 <harsh> agenda+ Setting next targets / tasks
13:00:10 <harsh> present+ PaulRyan
13:00:31 <harsh> present+ Julio
13:01:14 <harsh> agenda?
13:02:01 <harsh> present+ Beatriz
13:02:21 <harsh> present+ Nishad
13:03:10 <harsh> take up agendum 1
13:04:59 <harsh> Beatriz: some typos in DPV documentation, description
13:05:43 <harsh> Will send an email or open an issue
13:06:07 <harsh> next agendum
13:06:29 <harsh> present+ GeorgPKrog
13:07:18 <harsh> Volunteer to go over the document: Beatriz, Georg
13:07:54 <harsh> Volunteer: Paul
13:08:54 <harsh> The primer is meant to be an introduction for peopel new to DPV, including those who don't know or don't care about semantic-web
13:09:32 <harsh> Primer document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FrPFTRUAreEipvM5hTPPqfnhOl0rBjXpXCMicw9me30/edit?usp=sharing
13:09:43 <harsh> Anyone can comment, for edit access contact harsh
13:09:48 <harsh> next agendum
13:11:28 <harsh> We will have examples in Primer, and also in specification. We will have RDF/Semantic-Web. Should we also have textual descriptions either accompanying them or separately.
13:12:49 <harsh> next agendum
13:15:19 <harsh> Volunteers for this: Beatriz
13:15:37 <harsh> People who have their own work are invited to write about their own work (best descriptions from ownership)
13:15:50 <harsh> Volunteer: julio
13:16:16 <harsh> next agendum
13:18:13 <harsh> We can continue the momentum on adding new concepts, discussing proposed concepts
13:18:28 <harsh> We can also work on doing a report on possible applications, and showing examples
13:18:43 <harsh> If anyone wants a specific application or implementation, they are welcome to propose and lead it within the group
13:18:58 <harsh> Paul: this can take place after the cataloguing of Adoption page / efforts
13:20:46 <harsh> People on call already have used DPV in various contexts
13:21:13 <harsh> Paul has worked with DPV for ROPA, Julio is going to use DPV in the medical/health context for declaring metadata about processing
13:21:27 <harsh> Nishad uses DPV for dataset profiles for crowdsourced data
13:21:36 <harsh> Beatriz uses DPV with ODRL for declaring policies
13:22:26 <harsh> Georg: my wife uses DPV in privacy cartoons and annotations, related to this is the use of visual medium
13:29:25 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
13:31:35 <harsh> Have presentations on people using DPV or having tasks,discussions on specific aspects of DPV
13:31:43 <harsh> In the last slot of the meeting, also helps with co-operation
13:31:48 <harsh> (suggestion by Paul)
13:33:07 <harsh> In 2 weeks, 3 FEB, 13:00 WET, 14:00 CET
13:33:24 <harsh> Paul will be presenting a short description on use of DPV
13:33:49 <harsh> We will also discussing adoption page, see https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/Adoption_of_DPVCG
13:35:35 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:35:35 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been PaulRyan, Julio, Beatriz, Nishad, GeorgPKrog
13:35:35 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:35:42 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
13:36:12 <harsh> rrsagent, please create minutes v2
13:36:12 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/01/20-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:38:31 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
13:39:27 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
13:39:27 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
