12:01:45 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:01:45 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/06/10-dpvcg-irc
12:01:51 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
12:02:50 <harsh> Zakim, start the meeting
12:02:50 <Zakim> RRSAgent, make logs Public
12:02:51 <Zakim> please title this meeting ("meeting: ..."), harsh
12:03:29 <harsh> meeting: Call JUNE-10
12:04:58 <harsh> Approval for minutes for MAY-27 (done)
12:05:06 <harsh> scribe: harsh
12:05:32 <harsh> present+ Beatriz
12:05:48 <harsh> present+ Georg
12:05:51 <harsh> present+ Rana
12:05:53 <harsh> present+ harsh
12:06:10 <harsh> harsh: revisiting goals/deliverables for the group
12:06:35 <harsh> Beatriz: global alliance for genomics (emails sent by Mark Lizar on mailing list) - not sure on what it means or is proposed
12:06:41 <harsh> Georg: I agree
12:07:39 <harsh> harsh: it would be best to reply to the email and ask for more details/clarity
12:08:00 <harsh> Georg: there was a public call, related to use of DUO ontology including purposes; DUO purposes do not match DPV categories
12:09:05 <harsh> harsh: I agree, DUO purposes contain what we define in DPV as purpose, processing, sometimes recipients. But they can be aligned if needed (IMO)
12:10:11 <harsh> Georg: People from GHA and DPVCG should collaborate and discuss how to move forward - and see whether they would like to use the separation of purpose categories/processing etc as the DPV has done. If yes, then we can combine them within DPV(CG).
12:10:31 <harsh> present+ Mark
12:11:03 <harsh> harsh: Mark is on call - so we can discuss this issue here
12:11:55 <harsh> Georg: it was not clear about what is proposed - could you clarify the sentence regargind mapping with Global Health Alliance?
12:12:04 <harsh> email: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2020Jun/0004.html
12:12:47 <harsh> Mark: the goal is to use DPV to define and/or purposes through mapping
12:13:38 <harsh> Georg: what DUO / GHA has done is stich together sentences with multiple elements. So first activity would be to ask the GHA people if they see separation as in DPV is useful for them and then do the mapping.
12:14:42 <harsh> Mark: The project we are working are involved in a project called Molecular You for medical research in British Columbia which uses Blockchain and DUO. The goal is to make a digital ledger for consent. GH4Ga is part of the project / they consult.
12:15:01 <harsh> Mark: Anadi (from that group) has tried to do a test mapping
12:16:05 <harsh> Mark: it is tricky for research related to genetics which also includes family genetic information or emotions; and these are valuable to distill separately as a research problem; and then we can think about doing this with DPV
12:16:34 <harsh> Mark: the approach is different here where DPV can be used as a code of conduct in GH4GH in order to provide consent for medical reearch
12:17:02 <harsh> harsh: from your perspective, what are you proposing as next steps for DPVCG?
12:17:28 <harsh> Mark: mapping with GH4GH for DPV - and then liasing with them to work on this (summarised sentence)
12:18:00 <harsh> Mark: we could set up a call to do this
12:20:22 <harsh> harsh: We should discuss more on this through the mailing list in terms of interest, clarification, and work involved
12:20:35 <harsh> harsh: Moving to topic of the group's deliverables and timelines - we should update these.
12:20:56 <harsh> harsh: I propose to focus on use-cases, how DPV can be improved, and disseminating it to adopters for specific use-cases
12:21:37 <harsh> Mark: (regarding ISO/IEC 29184) as an use-case and also the work been done at Kantara
12:22:08 <harsh> Georg: expressing concern that DPV(CG) should not work in such a way to become dependant on a license with ISO
12:23:54 <harsh> Mark: I agree we don't want licensing, but ISO represents consensus with large players which is important
12:25:50 <harsh> harsh: to clarify, I think we should incorporate requirements from an international standard as an use-case and ensure DPV can provide e.g. machine-readable vocabulary for privacy/consent notices
12:27:10 <harsh> Georg: that clarifies the issue for me
12:28:19 <harsh> Mark: anyone can access ISO documents through participation in (some) group - which I will send to the group's public mailing list
12:28:44 <harsh> Mark: (reg. ISO) after confirmation with Colin at Kantara
12:30:18 <harsh> Mark: we worked on ISO to DPV extension using GDPR, and we were waiting for ISO 29184 to create an ISO to GDPR (with DPV mapping in appendix) to provide a single mapping source for vocabularies
12:30:44 <harsh> This is involved in the summer project for the GH4GH
12:31:48 <harsh> harsh: Item 3 on the agenda was ISO/IEC - which we have discussed
12:36:32 <harsh> harsh: My argument for DPV is that we should map to a single agreed international standard - which is ISO instead of attempting to add individual jurisdictions/
12:36:54 <harsh> Georg: I would like to bring attention to transfer legal basis submitted by Signatu and see them added to the DPV
12:37:22 <harsh> harsh: I would suggest sending a reminder email to the mailing list and CC'ng legal experts to get it validated. We can then do the technical work on incorporating it.
12:37:49 <harsh> Georg: Article 13/14 regarding information to be provided - should also be incorporated / addressed by DPVCG.
12:39:31 <harsh> Georg: Whether DPV is fully aligned to specify this information. IF not, we should assess whether DPV should include this information.
12:40:44 <harsh> rrsagent, ISSUE: Article 13/14 requirements using DPV
12:40:44 <RRSAgent> I'm logging. I don't understand 'ISSUE: Article 13/14 requirements using DPV', harsh.  Try /msg RRSAgent help
12:44:54 <harsh> Georg: currently DPV lists elements comprising Data Processing Handling - but it does not say (in much detail) regarding relations between elements. It could be worthwhile to have a discussion to see if it is useful.
12:45:18 <harsh> harsh: is this about a relation between e.g. processing and data category or processing and purpose? Georg: Yes.
12:46:50 <harsh> Georg sharing screen to display diagram about relations
12:47:33 <harsh> examples on screen: data storage, sensitive associated with data
12:49:56 <harsh> harsh: We have had this discussion which influenced the design of separate concepts and a single concept intersection them (i.e. PersonalDataHandling)
12:50:18 <harsh> harsh: Georg can share the relations / diagram to the group to say/show which relations are not considered or possible
12:53:08 <harsh> chair: harsh
12:53:22 <harsh> ISSUE: Article 13/14 requirements using DPV
12:53:22 <trackbot> Created ISSUE-38 - Article 13/14 requirements using dpv.  Please complete additional details at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/38/edit>.
12:54:46 <harsh> ACTION: Harsh to initiate discussion with group on current deliverables and timelines
12:54:47 <trackbot> Created ACTION-141 - Initiate discussion with group on current deliverables and timelines [on Harshvardhan J. Pandit - due 2020-06-17].
12:56:03 <harsh> ACTION: Georg to share list of relations between DPV concepts
12:56:04 <trackbot> Created ACTION-142 - Share list of relations between dpv concepts [on Georg Philip Krog - due 2020-06-17].
12:56:18 <harsh> ACTION: Mark to share how to participate/access ISO documents
12:56:19 <trackbot> Created ACTION-143 - Share how to participate/access iso documents [on Mark Lizar - due 2020-06-17].
12:56:45 <harsh> Georg and Mark discussing UI/UX for human-intended privacy notices
12:59:06 <harsh> present+ GeorgeLioudakis
13:00:14 <harsh> George Lioudakis introducing themselves : involved with data protection and ontologies for ~15 years
13:01:40 <harsh> Georg: we also need to consider convention 108
13:01:56 <harsh> Mark: we need to consider the global legislation vocabulary - I will follow up on this in the mailing list with Joss
13:02:03 <harsh> (running out of time for meeting call)
13:02:27 <harsh> Zakim, end meeting
13:02:27 <Zakim> As of this point the attendees have been Beatriz, Georg, Rana, harsh, Mark, GeorgeLioudakis
13:02:29 <Zakim> RRSAgent, please draft minutes
13:02:29 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/06/10-dpvcg-minutes.html Zakim
13:02:32 <Zakim> I am happy to have been of service, harsh; please remember to excuse RRSAgent.  Goodbye
13:02:36 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:03:08 <harsh> RRSAgent, publish minutes
13:03:08 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/06/10-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:03:23 <harsh> RRSAgent, bye
13:03:23 <RRSAgent> I see 3 open action items saved in https://www.w3.org/2020/06/10-dpvcg-actions.rdf :
13:03:23 <RRSAgent> ACTION: Harsh to initiate discussion with group on current deliverables and timelines [1]
13:03:23 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2020/06/10-dpvcg-irc#T12-54-46
13:03:23 <RRSAgent> ACTION: Georg to share list of relations between DPV concepts [2]
13:03:23 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2020/06/10-dpvcg-irc#T12-56-03
13:03:23 <RRSAgent> ACTION: Mark to share how to participate/access ISO documents [3]
13:03:23 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2020/06/10-dpvcg-irc#T12-56-18
