15:44:47 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
15:44:47 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/12/05-dpvcg-irc
15:44:51 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
15:44:54 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
15:44:58 <harsh> Chair: harsh
15:45:12 <harsh> Date: 30 NOV 2022
15:46:49 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Nov/0015.html
15:49:12 <harsh> Present: harsh, georg, paul, julian, beatriz, delaram
15:49:37 <harsh> Previous minutes -> https://www.w3.org/2022/11/23-dpvcg-minutes.html
15:49:40 <harsh> Topic: DPV v1
15:49:55 <harsh> Only item left on the list of tasks is creating the diagrams, rest of things have been completed.
15:50:10 <harsh> After this, a review of outputs before final publication.
15:50:29 <harsh> The group discussed the release contents, schedule, and how to proceed.
15:50:44 <harsh> The vocabularies (DPV, DPV-GDPR, DPV-PD) will be published on Monday.
15:51:13 <harsh> All remaining contents should be completed or submitted by Thursday, so that the release tasks can be completed on Friday and over the weekend.
15:51:34 <harsh> There will be an announcement when the release is published, shared on mailing list.
15:51:42 <harsh> Topic: Next Steps
15:51:56 <harsh> After DPV v1, we will continue to work on the vocabularies. Specifically, we discussed the following topics.
15:52:24 <harsh> In DPV, we want to provide Data Transfers and Data Breaches as concepts. These would be added to DPV or as an extension.
15:52:46 <harsh> We want to refine and publish other vocabularies also as v1, namely DPV-Legal, Risk, DPV-Tech, and Rights.
15:53:11 <harsh> We also want to look at other jurisdictions (contributors should participate and lead their specific interests).
15:53:31 <harsh> The group has expressed collective interest in looking at the new EU laws and integrating them with DPV's vocabularies.
15:54:00 <harsh> The specific laws identified are - DGA, DSA, DMA, AI Act, and other proposed ones with lesser preference.
15:54:04 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
15:54:33 <harsh> We will meet again as per the regular schedule on WED 07-DEC 13:00 WET / 14:00 CET.
15:55:09 <harsh> This will be a 30mins short informal meeting to acknowledge the DPV v1 release.
15:55:26 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
15:55:26 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/12/05-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
15:55:31 <harsh> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
15:58:14 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
15:58:14 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
