13:01:20 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:01:20 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/03/10-dpvcg-irc
13:01:30 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
13:01:37 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
13:01:43 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:02:39 <harsh> Present: paulryan, juliotorres, nishad
13:03:04 <harsh> Date: 10 MAR 2021
13:03:42 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Mar/0000.html
13:04:59 <harsh> Topic: Moving DPV(CG) repos to Github/W3C
13:06:45 <harsh> Present: Georg
13:08:31 <harsh> conversation about moving DPV specs to w3c
13:08:50 <harsh> note: harsh and beatriz working on issues migration -> to decide if adding directly to w3c repo
13:09:00 <harsh> present: beatriz
13:09:18 <harsh> Topic: Proposal to add concepts
13:12:17 <harsh> Legal bases: we add categories as sub-classes for LegalBasis e.g. legitimate interest, consent, law
13:14:28 <harsh> For existing DPV-GDPR, these are instances of LegalBasis, but we redefine them as per their category e.g. Art.4-x as instance of Consent as subclasses of LegalBasis
13:15:45 <harsh> beatriz: is Consent currently defined as a standalone concept, we need to integrate this as well
13:16:19 <harsh> Later, we will also need to think about explicit consent, different requirements for consent
13:18:46 <harsh> Also, we also need to think about properties for other legal basis e.g. legitimate interest -> what was it? e.g. contract -> what document? who signed it / are parties?
13:19:32 <harsh> Technologies - databases, etc. - add and associate with existing concepts, e.g. data storage, transfer, encryption
13:21:09 <harsh> paulryan: I can share document specifying tech&org measures to help with this discussion
13:24:55 <harsh> beatriz: we can utilise the same abstraction/pattern as risk i.e. hasRisk
13:25:51 <harsh> We can apply this as a 'test' to the document to be shared by paul
13:26:41 <harsh> Present: rana
13:27:01 <harsh> rana: companies need to specify technologies in a DPIA (e.g.), and they need to associate technologies with some kind of risk
13:29:30 <harsh> paul: Vendors also ask/specify ISO certifications, anti-virus, etc. And the risk assessment considers these and new technologies.
13:29:53 <harsh> s/paul/paulryan
13:30:30 <harsh> s/paul/paulryan/
13:33:00 <harsh> Georg: DPAs require information about implementation, and also measures e.g. privacy by design
13:36:32 <harsh> paulryan: if there are existing vocabularies, how to use/associate these?
13:37:11 <harsh> harsh: we can point to those, but we need to provide the 'glue' to connect DPV concepts to those e.g. high-level concepts and relationships
13:37:15 <harsh> To add: consent fields (generic: see consent receipt and GDPR consent  record requirements)
13:37:22 <harsh> beatriz: I'm interested to work on this
13:38:01 <harsh> georg: I'm interested regarding this as well
13:38:13 <harsh> Present: MarkLizar
13:38:54 <harsh> MarkLizar: we have the project Pae:CG Privacy as Expected Consent Gateway https://privacy-as-expected.org/ working on newer version of consent record/receipt which we intend to submit back to DPVCG
13:39:20 <harsh> MarkLizar: At Kantara, ANCR we intend to standardise this and submit it back to ISO 27560 for standardisation internationally
13:40:53 <harsh> harsh: ISO 29184 mentions machine-readable records - which is what the DPV could be useful to
13:47:01 <harsh> Topic: Consent Community Group
13:49:46 <harsh> https://www.w3.org/community/consent/
13:49:55 <harsh> Welcome to join and work on specifics for consent
13:50:22 <harsh> Slight overlap with DPVCG regarding semantics and concepts, but the scope of CONSENT-CG is much broader and involves everything to do with consent
13:50:30 <harsh> We can certainly collaborate and sync relevant work
13:57:08 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
13:57:53 <harsh> In 2 weeks, MAR-24 13:00 WET / 14:00 CET
13:58:03 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:58:03 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been MarkLizar
13:58:03 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:58:08 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
13:58:08 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/03/10-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:58:12 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
13:58:58 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
13:58:58 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
