20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harsh, tytti, delaram, art
20:10:04 <harsh> Regrets: georg, paul
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 15 NOV 2023
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/3228df35-afc8-4125-be1d-219c5cfd3aff/20231115T150000/
20:09:57 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-11-15
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: AI Act
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/106 -> Issue 106  Propose concepts from the AI Act #106 (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> Discussion on the timeline for this. Delaram will present/lead this in the meeting in 2 weeks.
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: DPV Maintainence
20:10:04 <harsh> Discussed maintainence email https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg//2023Nov/0010.html
20:10:04 <harsh> Art and Beatriz have volunteered. Art will be helping with Github issues and code. Harsh will follow up offline. Beatriz will be supporting from next year onwards.
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Other discussions
20:10:04 <harsh> DPV current status, future work and ideas, standards as an extension (discussed previously, not implemented), ongoing work for major changes.
20:17:01 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
20:17:01 <harsh> The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED NOV-22 15:00 WET / 16:00 CET. 