15:04:21 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
15:04:21 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/01/07-dpvcg-irc
15:04:23 <trackbot> RRSAgent, make logs public
15:04:23 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
15:04:25 <trackbot> Meeting: Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group Teleconference
15:04:25 <trackbot> Date: 07 January 2020
15:04:49 <jfishback> +present
15:05:25 <Bert> agenda:https://www.w3.org/mid/67dc75b5-f7c8-24b9-c512-1eea666b94f5@harshp.com
15:05:27 <agendabot> clear agenda
15:05:27 <agendabot> agenda+ Approve last telcom minutes
15:05:27 <agendabot> agenda+ Working on Primer (see
15:05:27 <agendabot> agenda+ Discussion on priority of action items (see
15:05:27 <agendabot> agenda+ Future direction
15:05:37 <Bert> present+
15:05:51 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
15:05:51 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/01/07-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
15:06:52 <jfishback> present+
15:08:21 <Bert> chair: Harsh
15:12:32 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:12:34 <Bert> action-132?
15:12:34 <trackbot> action-132 -- Bud P. Bruegger to Bud and Eva will try to come up with partial state-transition diagrams to illustrate the interdependencies of data subject rights by the end of november. -- due 2019-11-30 -- OPEN
15:12:34 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/132
15:15:20 <axelpolleres> sorry, being late...
15:16:40 <Bert> Meeting canceled for lack of a chair.
15:16:59 <Bert> Bud finished his action-132, see his email.
15:17:03 <axelpolleres> oh, sorry to hear.
15:17:14 <axelpolleres> will we meet next week instead?
15:17:49 <Bert> I'll try to contact Harsh.
15:22:25 <axelpolleres> (I am booked the next two weeks at 4pm, though... :-(, I could do 14th, 14:00 or 21st, 14:00 instead.
15:25:33 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
15:25:33 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/01/07-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
15:52:27 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has left #dpvcg
16:00:10 <jfishback> jfishback has joined #dpvcg
16:38:33 <Bert> zakim, bye
16:38:33 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
16:38:33 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been present, Bert, jfishback
16:38:38 <Bert> RRSAgent, bye
16:38:38 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
