13:51:37 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:51:37 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/05/05-dpvcg-irc
13:51:40 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
13:51:42 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
13:51:46 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:55:14 <harsh> Present: harsh, paul, julian, mark
13:55:28 <harsh> Date: 04 MAY 2022
13:55:42 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022May/0000.html
13:55:53 <harsh> Topic: Proposed concepts for Technologies
13:56:05 <harsh> Previous minutes -> https://www.w3.org/2022/04/27-dpvcg-minutes.html
13:56:38 <harsh> From the last discussion, we identified concepts `Product` and `Service` as not being sufficiently clear as they relate to non-technological use as well as the distinction between them.
13:57:12 <harsh> We await further clarifications and look for their use in specific legislations related to privacy and data protection law, e.g. EU's proposed Digital Services Act (DSA)
13:57:54 <harsh> julian has mentioned that it would be good to have a diagrammatic representation of concepts as it would make it easy to see how concepts are related and structured
13:58:41 <harsh> harsh has mentioned the existence of a script that can do this, possibly trivially - https://github.com/coolharsh55/dpv-x/tree/master/dpv-purpose-diagram and that other tools or utilities are welcome
13:59:13 <harsh> The discussion concluded with the need to identify some use-cases and examples to understand how the technology concepts will be applied with DPV, and then whether the structuring is useful that
13:59:55 <harsh> harsh has proposed aligning the technology concepts with the processing taxonomy i.e. for each processing concept there will be an equivalent technology concept for implementing e.g. StorageTechnology, Use (or processing) Technology, SharingTechnology and so on
14:01:16 <harsh> Technologies and concepts that do not fall under these can be structured separately e.g. ExecutionEnvironment indicating where the technology is being executed, or Locality indicating whether the technology is implemented locally, remotely, on the cloud, and so on
14:01:40 <harsh> Proposals and further descriptions for these (above) topics are welcome to be shared via the mailing list
14:01:45 <harsh> Topic: Next meeting
14:02:06 <harsh> We will meet in 2 weeks, at 14:00 CEST MAY-18
14:02:28 <harsh> Discussion will continue on proposed technologies and any other items shared on the mailing list
14:02:29 <harsh> zakim, bye
14:02:29 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, paul, julian, mark
14:02:29 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
14:02:36 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
14:02:36 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/05/05-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:02:38 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
14:04:14 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
14:04:14 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
