11:59:23 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
11:59:23 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/10/06-dpvcg-irc
11:59:27 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
12:00:17 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
12:00:21 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:01:30 <harsh> Date: 06 OCT 2021
12:01:43 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Oct/0001.html
12:03:51 <harsh> Present: paulR, julianF, harsh, markL
12:04:58 <harsh> Topic: DPV & DPV-GDPR v0.3
12:05:06 <harsh> present+: beatrizE
12:07:30 <harsh> see https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Oct/0000.html
12:08:32 <harsh> Topic: Deciding next steps
12:09:15 <harsh> paulR: tech & org measures are 'weak' compared to other vocabs, if there are aligned vocabularies to use/utilise
12:09:57 <harsh> present+: georgK
12:10:28 <harsh> paulR: these are essential to do in terms of practical use/application and do risk assessments
12:10:55 <harsh> markL: notice & consent, relation to measures for security and safeguards. Relation from PIPEDA to GDPR regarding consent requirements.
12:11:16 <harsh> markL: code of practice or code of conduct for consent
12:11:56 <harsh> markL: work done in NGI TRUST PAECG project https://privacy-as-expected.org/
12:12:47 <harsh> georgK: ~13 different applications, and how DPV is used or mapped or usable there
12:13:11 <harsh> georgK: DPV to express privacy policy (i.e. textual policies on websites)
12:13:37 <harsh> georgK: e.g. related to GDPR A.13/A.14
12:15:09 <harsh> markL: layered policies, signals, consent policies and descriptions
12:16:19 <harsh> beatrizE: use-cases of DPV - code examples such as privacy policies, consent
12:17:20 <harsh> julianF: privacy policies - natural language with standardised vocabularies - which are then transformed into enforceable policies
12:21:41 <harsh> julianF: serialisations formats (mentioned, but not prioritised)
12:22:51 <harsh> georgK: involved in health data group, which has considered DPV, and uses permissions and prohibitions, similar to DUO, which are granular and can be introduced and connected to other concepts
12:23:55 <harsh> georgK: DPV is by design open/free to use, and not restricted, which has pros and cons, e.g. usable across jurisdictions
12:24:49 <harsh> markL: specifying privacy rights in terms of technical details for what they mean
12:25:17 <harsh> markL: purpose specification, privacy rights related to concepts
12:25:53 <harsh> georgK: following from paulR, there is a need to measure data security measures
12:27:54 <harsh> georgK: 'context' of where DPV is used in, e.g. privacy policy for employees, apps, services, policies
12:30:34 <harsh> markL: permission vs purposes model, identity management technology, in terms of purposes having permissions; DPV should express scope of purpose e.g. 1 time use, limitations to use
12:36:52 <harsh> harsh: purpose decomposition into 'validity' is mostly dependant on jurisdictional requirements which are tied closely to legal basis e.g. legitimate interest of a purpose
12:37:28 <harsh> harsh: for DPV to consider this in scope, it should be usable in a general sense; for jurisdictional concepts, welcome concrete propositions, examples, and demonstrations
12:47:18 <harsh> harsh: we start with top-2 ideas and choose according
12:47:38 <harsh> harsh: for me, its consent attributes/requirements and real-world info such as security measures, but also standards, jurisdictions
12:48:43 <harsh> markL: consent and rights
12:49:30 <harsh> paulR: privacy notices/policies, and tech/org measures
12:50:05 <harsh> beatrizE: privacy policies
12:51:54 <harsh> georg: privacy policies, and user-centric consent management
12:52:38 <harsh> s/georg/georgK
12:55:06 <harsh> julianF: consent (legal basis as in GDPR), and privacy policies
13:09:23 <harsh> consolidation and consensus - privacy policies, consent attributes, and real-world technical measures
13:09:34 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
13:09:59 <harsh> We will be meeting again next week, WED OCT-13 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST
13:10:14 <harsh> Agenda will be about starting work on agreed topics in today's meetings
13:11:01 <harsh> Following DPVCG's call, WU and NOYB are presenting their work in the RESPECTeD project about ADPC - an user-side consenting protocol https://www.sustainablecomputing.eu/event/advanced-data-protection-control-adpc-an-interdisciplinary-introduction/
13:11:06 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:11:06 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been paulR, julianF, harsh, markL, :, beatrizE, georgK
13:11:06 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:11:14 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
13:11:14 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/10/06-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:11:22 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
13:11:34 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
13:11:34 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
