14:11:42 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
14:11:42 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/06/18-dpvcg-irc
14:11:44 <trackbot> RRSAgent, make logs public
14:11:44 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
14:11:44 <ElmarK> chair:harsh_
14:11:46 <trackbot> Meeting: Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group Teleconference
14:11:46 <trackbot> Date: 18 June 2019
14:11:49 <harsh_> scribe: ElmarK
14:11:50 <ElmarK> scribe:ElmarK
14:12:00 <harsh_> chair: harsh_
14:12:48 <ElmarK> TOPIC: Vote to publish DPVCG as a public CG working draft
14:14:29 <ElmarK> ACTION: ElmarK to send a pull request to harsh_ with minor fixes (typos, full names)
14:14:29 <trackbot> Error finding 'ElmarK'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
14:14:59 <harsh_> Any other issues/comments?
14:15:31 <ElmarK> TOPIC: Axel's comments on the working draft.
14:16:47 <ElmarK> Regarding the missing figure, Harsh was hoping that Bert would be in the call. We will have to check with him regarding relative links.
14:17:26 <ElmarK> Bert proposed to link to GitHub repository for the individual modules and host them there.
14:17:42 <harsh_> +1's for vote if agree
14:17:50 <ramisa> +1
14:17:50 <ElmarK> +1
14:17:55 <Fajar> +1
14:18:01 <bud> +1
14:18:06 <harsh_> Thanks, we can accept this suggestion
14:18:28 <ElmarK> Draft: https://dpvcg.github.io/extract-sheets/index.html
14:19:10 <ElmarK> We can go ahead with NACE vocabulary as is.
14:19:39 <ElmarK> Fajar: is there any complete example that integrates all modules/aspects?
14:19:56 <ElmarK> Harsh: we need a use cases section that shows how the vocabulary can be used.
14:20:09 <ElmarK> We'll publish the working draft and later add use cases,..
14:20:51 <harsh_> ISSUE: Describe use-cases and examples showing how the vocabulary should be or can be used
14:20:52 <trackbot> Created ISSUE-26 - Describe use-cases and examples showing how the vocabulary should be or can be used.  Please complete additional details at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/26/edit>.
14:21:18 <ElmarK> How much time should we leave for comments?
14:21:24 <ElmarK> Axel suggested 1 month.
14:21:51 <ElmarK> Harsh: we can always extend it.
14:22:07 <ElmarK> 1 month ok for everyone?
14:22:08 <ElmarK> +1
14:22:10 <Fajar> +1
14:22:10 <harsh_> +1
14:22:11 <ramisa> +1
14:22:15 <bud> +1
14:22:22 <harsh_> Accepted 1 month for comments on vocab
14:23:55 <ElmarK> ISSUE: Discuss accompanying primer document
14:23:56 <trackbot> Created ISSUE-27 - Discuss accompanying primer document.  Please complete additional details at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/27/edit>.
14:24:38 <ElmarK> Harsh: How are we going to process comments. We included multiple options, which ones should we allow.
14:25:32 <ElmarK> Suggestion harsh_: Comments are welcome everywhere, but formal requests should be filed via the mailing list.
14:25:40 <ElmarK> +1
14:25:43 <Fajar> +1
14:25:45 <ramisa> +1
14:25:47 <bud> +1
14:26:03 <ElmarK> Accepted: have multiple channels for comments, but formal requests for extension should be sent via Email.
14:26:40 <ElmarK> Harsh: Is it ok to create a separate repository on GitHub for the vocabulary (just for the RDF and HTML, not for the code that generates it, keep those separate)
14:26:47 <ElmarK> Should be better organized that way.
14:26:48 <ElmarK> +1
14:28:45 <ElmarK> Right now we have several repositories. We could remove those and have one repository that has all the vocabularies and the documentation. So everything that is hosted on the w3c website should be there.
14:29:13 <ElmarK> Proposal is to clean up the repository to make it easier for people to comment on GitHub.
14:29:54 <ElmarK> Separate repositories for each namespace or all vocabularies in one repository?
14:30:05 <ElmarK> Fajar: In favor of having separate repositories.
14:30:22 <harsh_> So we should have three repositories: dpv, dpv-nace, dpv-gdpr ?
14:30:35 <ElmarK> +1
14:30:38 <harsh_> Or one repository for all three?
14:31:11 <ElmarK> Vote: Shall we have 3 separate repositories?
14:31:14 <Fajar> +1
14:31:15 <ElmarK> +1
14:31:26 <harsh_> @axelpolleres online? would appreciate comments on this-
14:31:48 <axelpolleres> what again is the question?
14:32:04 <harsh_> So we should have three repositories: dpv, dpv-nace, dpv-gdpr ? Or one repository for all vocabularies?
14:32:14 <ElmarK> (repositories on GitHub)
14:32:16 <axelpolleres> what is meant by "repositories"? on git?
14:32:22 <ElmarK> (repositories on GitHub)
14:32:26 <harsh_> Yes, how we organise them on Github
14:32:32 <axelpolleres> no strong opinions
14:32:41 <harsh_> Okay, let's go with general consensus
14:32:45 <axelpolleres> kk
14:33:00 <harsh_> separate repositories for each vocab as agreed
14:33:12 <ElmarK> Decision: to have three GitHub repositories: dpv, dpv-nace, dpv-gdpr
14:33:45 <ElmarK> ACTION: harsh_ to update the document according to today's agreement.
14:33:45 <trackbot> Error finding 'harsh_'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
14:34:05 <ElmarK> ACTION: harsh_ to clean up/restructure the GitHub repository according to today's agreement.
14:34:05 <trackbot> Error finding 'harsh_'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
14:34:15 <harsh_> ACTION: harsh to update the document according to today's agreement.
14:34:16 <trackbot> Created ACTION-120 - Update the document according to today's agreement. [on Harshvardhan Pandit - due 2019-06-25].
14:34:25 <harsh_> ACTION: harsh to clean up/restructure the GitHub repository according to today's agreement.
14:34:25 <trackbot> Created ACTION-121 - Clean up/restructure the github repository according to today's agreement. [on Harshvardhan Pandit - due 2019-06-25].
14:34:53 <ElmarK> ACTION: elmar to send a pull request to harsh_ with minor fixes (typos, full names)
14:34:53 <trackbot> Created ACTION-122 - Send a pull request to harsh_ with minor fixes (typos, full names) [on Elmar Kiesling - due 2019-06-25].
14:36:01 <ElmarK> Harsh suggests that one of the chairs should send the published draft to the semantic web mailing list once published.
14:36:11 <harsh_> Welcoming comments/feedback
14:36:36 <ElmarK> Timeline: Harsh will send final version to Bert; by the end of the week a first draft can be published.
14:36:59 <ElmarK> Decision on next call will be made via the mailing list.
14:37:26 <ElmarK> rrsagent, generate minutes
14:37:26 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/06/18-dpvcg-minutes.html ElmarK
14:41:46 <ElmarK> ScribeNick: ElmarK
14:42:06 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
14:43:27 <ElmarK> present+ Fajar
14:43:33 <ElmarK> present+ Ramisa
14:43:49 <ElmarK> present+ bud
14:43:53 <ElmarK> rrsagent, generate minutes
14:43:53 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/06/18-dpvcg-minutes.html ElmarK
14:44:15 <ElmarK> present+ Elmar
14:44:19 <ElmarK> present+ Harsh
14:44:21 <ElmarK> rrsagent, generate minutes
14:44:21 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/06/18-dpvcg-minutes.html ElmarK
14:47:32 <axelpolleres> FWIW, I see no resolution(s) ... did you vote to publish?
14:47:45 <axelpolleres> (sorry, just reading with one eye)
14:54:23 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
14:58:17 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:03:10 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:06:51 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:08:52 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:11:41 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:13:40 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:24:08 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:25:09 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:26:56 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:34:55 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:38:56 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:48:09 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
15:57:56 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
16:13:23 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has left #dpvcg
16:48:45 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
18:49:16 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
