13:00:46 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:00:46 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2020/12/02-dpvcg-irc
13:00:59 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
13:01:11 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
13:01:51 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call 02 DEC 2020
13:01:57 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:02:24 <harsh> Present: harsh, paulryan
13:03:04 <harsh> present+ beatriz
13:03:21 <harsh> regrets+ georgkrogg
13:06:43 <harsh> Topic: DPV documentation
13:08:13 <harsh> Work in progress repository: https://github.com/coolharsh55/dpv-documentation
13:08:24 <harsh> demo: https://harshp.com/dpv-documentation/
13:14:37 <harsh> Topic: Volunteers for upkeep and documentation
13:16:44 <harsh> 1) Help with writing / updating the v0.2 documentation
13:16:57 <harsh> 2) Create visualisation / diagram for easier comprehension of vocabulary structure and hierarchies
13:18:30 <harsh> 3) Establish use-cases that provide application to DPV and DPV concepts
13:18:41 <harsh> 4) Create examples for different use-cases
13:19:09 <harsh> 5) Identify different 'categories' of examples e.g. bag of words, lists, RDFS-style vocabularies, OWL2 vocabularies, reasoning, SPARQL queries
13:19:26 <harsh> 6) Wiki page listing adoption and use of DPV
13:19:37 <harsh> 7) Wiki page listing presentations made showcasing DPV
13:20:02 <harsh> 8) Preservation of DPV versions i.e. preserve v0.1 when v0.2 is published
13:30:13 <harsh> We can use the ICO accountability tracker: https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/accountability-framework-self-assessment/ for use-cases and questions
14:01:15 <harsh> Next meeting in 2 weeks: 13:00 Dublin / 14:00 CET
14:01:45 <harsh> ACTION: Update DPV documentation for v0.2
14:01:47 <trackbot> Error finding 'Update'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
14:03:05 <harsh> ACTION: diagrams and visualisation for DPV
14:03:05 <trackbot> Error finding 'diagrams'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
14:06:39 <harsh> rrsagent, please drop action 1
14:06:41 <harsh> rrsagent, please drop action 2
14:10:11 <harsh> (note that W3C recommends using GitHub issue tracker over trackbot, so the issues are listed on GitHub)
14:11:01 <harsh> zakim, bye
14:11:01 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, paulryan, beatriz
14:11:01 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
14:11:04 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
14:11:10 <harsh> rrsagent, draft minutes v2
14:11:10 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2020/12/02-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:14:02 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
14:14:02 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
