00:00:00 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
00:00:00 <harsh> 
00:00:00 <harsh> Date: 2 JUNE 2021
00:00:00 <harsh> Chair: Harsh
00:00:00 <harsh> Scribe: Harsh
00:00:00 <harsh> Present: Harsh, Beatriz, Paul, Nishad
00:00:00 <harsh> 
00:00:00 <harsh> Harsh: We now have a repo on GitHub under W3C - waiting for it to be official to move everything there.
00:00:00 <harsh> 
00:00:00 <harsh> Topic: News
00:00:00 <harsh> Paul: paper with use-case using DPV accepted to Semantics 2021 - to share the link in DPV's Adoption wiki when available
00:00:00 <harsh> 
00:00:00 <harsh> Topic: Proposed terms for Safeguards (GDPR)
00:00:00 <harsh> Paul: include the concept dpv:Safeguard & dpv:hasSafeguard -- perhaps under technical & organisational measures (TOM)
00:00:00 <harsh> Beatriz: in previous sessions, we suggested adding the term "SafeguardForDataTransfer" to TOM - it is in DPV's spreadsheet as proposed
00:00:00 <harsh> Paul: we should also consider to add the term "Dat transfer" as the vocabulary only has Transfer under processing categories and it does not fully represent the concept of data transfers
00:00:00 <harsh> Harsh: proposed terms should be agreed in a later meeting with more people
00:00:00 <harsh> 
00:00:00 <harsh> Topic: Discussion on adding concepts for policies, t&c
00:00:00 <harsh> Harsh: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Mar/0006.html Proposed terms
00:00:00 <harsh> Harsh: not enough people to make any decisions
00:00:00 <harsh> Beatriz: we should also consider adding the concept of joint controller agreement / contract (for instance under ContractAgreement or Contract)
00:00:00 <harsh> Beatriz: where to add the concept of Data Breach? it certainly is a type of risk
00:00:00 <harsh> Paul: but it also involves other concepts, such as records of activities, policies, mitigation measures and so on
00:00:00 <harsh> 
00:00:00 <harsh> Topic: Next meeting
00:00:00 <harsh> Next meeting will be in 2 weeks, JUN-16 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST
00:00:00 <harsh> 