14:02:30 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
14:02:30 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/04/02-dpvcg-irc
14:02:32 <ramisa> ramisa has joined #dpvcg
14:02:45 <axelpolleres> Ramisa will be locally with Harsh remotely from Dublin Thu and Friday
14:02:49 <Elmar_Kiesling> Elmar_Kiesling has joined #dpvcg
14:03:04 <axelpolleres> Elmar will join F2F in Vienna
14:03:58 <axelpolleres> Elmar will join except 1:30-3:30 on thursday, also availabnle on Friday
14:04:10 <axelpolleres> Bud will also join in Vienna
14:06:14 <axelpolleres> scribe: elmar
14:06:46 <Elmar_Kiesling> In the call: Ramisa, Javier, Bud, Axel, Elmar
14:07:31 <axelpolleres> simon steyskal, mark lizar, javier, ramise plus the people on the doodle are expcected to join
14:07:37 <axelpolleres> ... the f2f
14:07:49 <axelpolleres> topics https://doodle.com/poll/pmer9cap995c7mkb
14:07:50 <Javier> Javier has joined #dpvcg
14:07:55 <bud> bud has joined #dpvcg
14:08:12 <axelpolleres>  Creating Overall Taxonomy/Ontology:   Javier, Axel
14:08:13 <axelpolleres> Personal Data Categories: Harsh, Elmar (instead of Fajar, who sent regrets), Javier
14:08:15 <axelpolleres> Processing Categories: Simon, Javier, Elmar, Bud
14:08:16 <axelpolleres> Purposes: Elmar, Javier, Axel
14:08:17 <axelpolleres> Security constraints & Storage constraints: Axel, Harsh, Mark
14:08:18 <axelpolleres> Legal Basis: Bud, Simon Harsh,
14:08:19 <axelpolleres> Consent Actions:  Mark, Bud,Harsh, Simon
14:08:34 <Javier> (sorry I cannot hear anything but I'm online here)
14:09:14 <Mark_L> Mark_L has joined #dpvcg
14:10:31 <axelpolleres> any suggestions for a joint tool to consolidate the vocularies
14:10:52 <axelpolleres> Could we use WebProtege?
14:10:54 <Elmar_Kiesling> Axel: Is WebProtegefree?
14:11:36 <Elmar_Kiesling> Would be good to decide in the first session. Would also be good to have an example
14:11:43 <Elmar_Kiesling> Fallback option: Google Spreadsheet?
14:11:51 <axelpolleres> if we don't work with a tool, we could just use google spreadsheets.
14:12:20 <Elmar_Kiesling> Would be good for all people marked in bold to gather what's already there
14:12:44 <axelpolleres> action to all session responsibles: gather what is already there in terms of proposed terms and hierarchy and present that in the beginning of the session.
14:12:45 <trackbot> Error finding 'to'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
14:13:41 <Elmar_Kiesling> Mark will be in Dublin
14:14:39 <Javier> As for collaborative editing, it is probably good to use git, as Harsh has here: https://github.com/dpvcg
14:14:48 <Elmar_Kiesling> Mark: will try to make sure that Dublin can join at 8:30 already.
14:15:03 <Javier> Then you can pull, import into protege, edit and push again
14:15:03 <axelpolleres> we aim at starting at 8:30am Dublin time, i.e. 9:30am CEST
14:15:04 <axelpolleres> ... in Vienna
14:15:12 <Elmar_Kiesling> Ramisa: will be in Dublin as well
14:15:44 <Elmar_Kiesling> Ramisa will be there at 8:30 as well
14:16:22 <axelpolleres> ACTION: ramisa to tell us which sessions she plans to join.
14:16:23 <trackbot> Created ACTION-78 - Tell us which sessions she plans to join. [on Roghaiyeh(Ramisa) Gachpaz Hamed - due 2019-04-09].
14:17:36 <Elmar_Kiesling> Axel and Javier will give an overview in the morning.
14:17:47 <Elmar_Kiesling> Then parallel sessions to stabilize what is there.
14:18:55 <Elmar_Kiesling> Axel will go through the list of open ACTIONs and remind the leads to review/include them
14:19:15 <Elmar_Kiesling> Focus should be on consolidation.
14:20:10 <axelpolleres> PROPOSE: approve last minutes https://www.w3.org/2019/03/19-dpvcg-minutes.html
14:20:38 <Javier> +1
14:20:45 <Mark_L> +1
14:20:45 <Javier> +1
14:20:46 <Elmar_Kiesling> +1
14:20:49 <axelpolleres> RESOLVED: approve last minutes https://www.w3.org/2019/03/19-dpvcg-minutes.html
14:20:49 <ramisa> +1
14:25:10 <axelpolleres> github...
14:25:44 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Mark to discuss with Harsh how/whether to use github as a template.
14:25:45 <trackbot> Created ACTION-79 - Discuss with harsh how/whether to use github as a template. [on Mark Lizar - due 2019-04-09].
14:26:59 <Elmar_Kiesling> Javier: Google Sheets is fine for this meeting, but would be good to move it to GitHub later
14:27:09 <axelpolleres> javier: google would be useful for the meeting for collaborative editing, and then a process to export this to an OWL ontology.
14:27:35 <axelpolleres> Mark: maybe a session in the end on Friday to export from the spreadsheeets.
14:27:38 <Elmar_Kiesling> Mark: might also be easy to just use GoogleDocs and then consolidate it
14:29:02 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
14:29:48 <Javier> Axel had battery problems. Goodbye all and see you in Vienna!
14:30:14 <axelpolleres> Axel: if everybody has left, then I wish you all safe travels and see you on Thu.
14:30:32 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Axel to prepare a templte for the spreadsheet.
14:30:32 <trackbot> Created ACTION-80 - Prepare a templte for the spreadsheet. [on Axel Polleres - due 2019-04-09].
14:30:47 <Javier> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
14:30:51 <axelpolleres> adjourned
14:31:25 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, publish the minutes please
14:31:25 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/04/02-dpvcg-minutes.html axelpolleres
14:31:49 <axelpolleres> : rrsagent, make minutes world-visible
14:32:02 <axelpolleres> see you all!
