20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harsh, tytti, paul, delaram, iain, mark, ted, georg
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 29 NOV 2023
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/3228df35-afc8-4125-be1d-219c5cfd3aff/20231129T150000/
20:09:57 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-11-29
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: DPV Maintainence 
20:10:04 <harsh> see live version at https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/
20:10:04 <harsh> paul has reviewed purposes (https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/modules/purposes) and TOMs (https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/modules/TOM) - some issues with expand/collapse buttons being confusing where there are no collapsible lists; broken links;
20:10:04 <harsh> beatriz has reviewed GDPR (https://harshp.com/dpv/legal/eu/gdpr) and DGA (https://harshp.com/dpv/legal/eu/dga) - same issues with buttons; broken links;
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Multilingual DPV
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/89 -> Issue 89  Multi-lingual labels and descriptions for concepts (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> Question is how to present these in the HTML documents? Open to suggestions or best practices that we can adopt. Otherwise the 'default' option is to provide some language selector on the page, and to have different versions of the page for languages.
20:09:23 <harsh> Topic: Service new concept
20:09:23 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/124 -> Issue 124  Add dpv:Service as a concept (by coolharsh55)
20:10:04 <harsh> discussed whether to accept this; delaram will discuss implications of the concept and roles for 'AI System as a Service' next week
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: ISO 22989 AI terms
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/110 -> Issue 110 Add concepts from ISO 22989:2022 AI Terminology (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> okay to look into for comments and how they can support DPV concepts
20:10:04 <harsh> mark raised the point about using only legal concepts; harsh mentioned sources for concepts in DPV are authoritative sources which includes both law and standards. For specific legal concepts it is suggested to represent them in extensions.
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Datasheets/Model cards
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/94 -> Issue 94  Represent Dataset Datasheets with DPV (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> okay to look into how to represent these using DPV
20:10:04 <harsh> delaram raised the concern that there are several different variations of datasheets and model cards - which one to use; harsh suggested we look at the information within them and whether DPV can support their expression where the information is in scope; 
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: AI Act
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/106 -> Issue 106  Propose concepts from the AI Act (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> delaram has collected the definitions from Art.3 into a spreadsheet for discussion - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17WAXH7Bkzu2m2eeOSTyhJBeHp9nst988KYCSRES8xCE/edit#gid=1742301268
20:10:04 <harsh> there are 3 versions from Commission, Council, and Parliament
20:10:04 <harsh> discussion on definitions - there are potentially conflicting/different definitions from AI Act, ISO standards, and OECD; suggestion that the AI Act specific definition be in the AI Act extension and other definitions can be the general concept in DPV or extension
20:10:04 <harsh> for `Intended Purpose` - how to model this? The _intended_ prefix is not present in DPV, and the purpose of using AI system is not covered in the current DPV `Purpose` description; To resolve this, the `dpv:Purpose` description should be updated to reflect purpose of using data as well as systems/technology which will cover use of AI. Exercise to check whether other concepts should also be updated for this. For _intended_, we have this as a context rather than only for purpose i.e. a purpose and data and other information can be intended or unintended.
20:10:04 <harsh> for `Purpose` vs `Capability/Application` - the purpose is the end-purpose or the goal of the activity whereas the capability is the technical objective or action; this is similar to how processing reflects actions on data and puropse reflects why the data is being used. 
20:10:04 <harsh> discussion on whether specific concepts should be modelled, e.g. _Biometric Categorisation System_; harsh suggested that if such concepts have legal relevance i.e. their existence triggers some obligation or additional processes then it is useful to have them - so we should model them. 
20:10:04 <harsh> delaram discussed whether the information in such concepts should be connected to their contituents e.g. _Biometric Categorisation_ to the _System_; harsh suggested yes; group agreed
20:10:04 <harsh> legal roles present in AI Act will go in the extension
20:10:04 <harsh> data concepts e.g. _training data_ - discussion on where to put these? Main DPV, Tech extension?
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: AI Extension
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/126 -> Issue 126   AI Extension to provide AI-specific concepts (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> following from discussion of AI Act, delaram proposed creating a new AI extension as there are lots of AI specific concepts; the group agreed
20:10:04 <harsh> it will be an extension of the Tech concepts specific to AI, the concepts related to AI such as lifecycles and data will be here; to be discussed next week by delaram
20:10:04 <harsh> georg asked whether people have worked with Tech extension and Processing concepts; harsh mentioned he had used these to model how the processing was implemented by a technology capable of doing different processing actions and had technical measures; georg mentioned difficulty in doing 'supplier diligence' based on technology provided
20:10:04 <harsh> the topic of 'supplier due diligence' is relevant to NIS2, DORA, and AI Act - this will be a discussion later with georg and delaram discussing what DPV can do to support this
20:10:04 <harsh> georg mentioned the following as desirable for using DPV - a way to state use of a system, delivered by a provider or supplier, tech is used in product/service, and then the risk assessment 
20:17:01 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
20:17:01 <harsh> The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED DEC-06 15:00 WET / 16:00 CET. 
20:10:04 <harsh> Asked about meetings in December. Based on availabilities, there may be no meetings from around 20th December to 3rd January. To be decided in December.
20:10:04 <harsh> Items on the agenda for next week are - `Service` led by delaram, `AI Act` led by delaram, `AI Extension` led by delaram, dpv documentation led by harsh
20:10:04 <harsh> georg has an upcoming webinar on their Privacy chatbot - see https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Nov/0014.html