12:59:05 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:59:05 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/02/23-dpvcg-irc
12:59:10 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
12:59:13 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
12:59:15 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:59:20 <harsh> Date: 23 FEB 2022
12:59:28 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Feb/0005.html
12:59:53 <harsh> Previous meeting's minutes -> https://www.w3.org/2022/02/16-dpvcg-minutes.html
13:02:34 <harsh> Present: harsh, paul, beatriz, julian, jan
14:07:21 <harsh> Topic:  Important Concepts for DPV
14:07:36 <harsh> Jurisdictions - country, laws, DPAs, adequacy decisions
14:07:57 <harsh> ISO standards - numbers, relation to terms, terminology of ISO, mapping to DPV concepts
14:08:10 <harsh> risks - known risks and vocabulary of common risks e.g. data corruption, data breach
14:08:33 <harsh> fundamental rights - (only eu) to provide relevance to impact assessments
14:10:59 <harsh> All of the above are proposed as extensions / modules to the DPV rather than including them in core DPV
14:11:21 <harsh> Topic: Process for concept proposal and resolution
14:17:20 <harsh> For above and other concepts that are to be proposed as a group / collection, these shall be done through the mailing list.
14:17:47 <harsh> The proposal shall have a review timeline within which interested members will comment / discuss.
14:18:10 <harsh> The meeting calls will discuss the final resolution of such discussions, including a venue to resolve disagreements if any.
14:18:30 <harsh> This is for ensuring DPV progresses sufficiently well for its goal to reach v1.0 by September.
14:19:04 <harsh> Topic: Categories of Documentation
14:25:30 <harsh> There are 5 different types of documentation we have for DPV
14:32:09 <harsh> 1. Primer for explaining what the DPV is, an overview of its concepts, some brief examples
14:32:37 <harsh> 2. Technical Specification - detailing what concepts exist
14:32:54 <harsh> 3. Use-Cases - that define situations the DPV should be capable for representing
14:33:32 <harsh> 4. Examples - showing how to use DPV, with some use-cases being expressed as examples, or examples coming from elsewhere
14:33:47 <harsh> 5. Guides - explanations on how to use DPV in some context, how to apply DPV towards an application
14:33:55 <harsh> Topic: Template for Use-Cases
14:37:03 <harsh> Jan is providing a shared Google Docs for discussion of use-case templates in which use-cases are described.
14:37:16 <harsh> The requirement is for them to be simple enough to express and link with concepts.
14:37:34 <harsh> Existing use-case template is comprehensive and needs to be minimised https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/Template_for_use-cases
14:37:41 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
14:38:00 <harsh> We will meet again next week MAR-02 WED 13:00 WET / 14:00 CET
14:38:13 <harsh> Discussion will be refinement of proposed concepts and pending proposals.
14:38:14 <harsh> zakim, bye
14:38:14 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, paul, beatriz, julian, jan
14:38:14 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
14:38:18 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
14:38:18 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/02/23-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:38:22 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
14:38:39 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
14:38:39 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
