20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:01 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2023/09/14-dpvcg-irc
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harsh, georg, tytti, beatriz
20:09:30 <harsh> Regrets: paul
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 27 SEP 2023
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/3228df35-afc8-4125-be1d-219c5cfd3aff/20230927T150000/
20:09:57 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-09-27
20:14:33 <harsh> Topic: DGA at SEMANTiCS
20:14:33 <harsh> Beatriz presented work involving DPV's DGA extension at SEMANTiCS. The article is available at https://doi.org/10.3233/SSW230015
20:14:33 <harsh> Topic: ISO 27560
20:14:33 <harsh> work in progress is here - https://harshp.com/dpv-x/guides/consent-27560, planning to finish the draft and share for review. Following this, we will also look at ISO 29184.
20:14:33 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/90 -> Issue 90 Provide guidance for implementing ISO/IEC 27560 Consent Records using DPV (coolharsh55) documentation, use-case, application
20:14:33 <harsh> Work can be reviewed while it is being written at this stage. Document includes guidance on use of DPV fields and examples for each field. In the interest of publishing this sooner, sections regarding considerations (privacy, security) will be removed and introduced later.
20:14:33 <harsh> SubTopic: Withdrawing Consent
20:14:33 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/115 -> Issue 115 Add ObtainingConsent and WithdrawingConsent as Org measures (coolharsh55) application, concepts, review
20:14:33 <harsh> 27560 requires information on how consent can be withdrawn. Currently in DPV we do not have the ability to express how consent can be withdrawn without it being specifically a right. We do have GDPR Art-7 right to withdraw consent, but that is specific to GDPR. Proposal to add two concepts as `OrganisationalMeasure` - `ObtainConsent` and `WithdrawConsent` to indicate how consent can be obtained and withdrawn without it being specifically a legal basis or a right. 
20:14:33 <harsh> Proposal accepted.
20:14:33 <harsh> SubTopic: Consent State as Events
20:14:33 <harsh> 27560 requires information on consent events. In DPV, we have Consent States (e.g. given). Proposal to use these as events which would enable representing information on when they were given, how, etc. - and stored in the 27560 record.
20:14:33 <harsh> Proposal accepted.
20:14:33 <harsh> SubTopic: Consent Location
20:14:33 <harsh> Question raised regarding how to express the location or medium or modality of consent. Solution is to use the existing DPV properties e.g. `hasLocation` to indicate the location of consent, `isIndicatedBy` to express who gave the consent.
20:14:33 <harsh> SubTopic: Latest Consent State
20:14:33 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/114 -> Issue 114  In 27560-records, how to identify the latest consent state? #114 (coolharsh55) application, concepts, question, review
20:14:33 <harsh> Question on how to point to the latest consent event or state i.e. how to quickly know whether consent has been given or not without requiring interpretation of the entire record. Various designs for the expression of consent events discussed, and how they point to the latest state. Of these, Option#3 was chosen which requires each event to have an ID and to point to this ID as the latest event using `dpv:hasConsentStatus`.
20:14:33 <harsh> SubTopic: Efficiency of Implementations
20:14:33 <harsh> This is an implementation detail, which means the use-case is free to choose how they want to store the information and organise it in a way which makes it efficient and suitable for their specific uses and technologies. The intention of the 27560 and DPV guidance is to state that it must be possible to pull out information from that system and express it in the specified form. If that is possible, then the implementation is in conformance, otherwise it is not.
20:14:33 <harsh> Topic: Non-personal data in scope
20:14:33 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99 -> Issue 99 Proposal to change DPV scope to include Non-Personal Data (by coolharsh55) [scope] [concepts] [question]
20:14:33 <harsh> The proposal to include non-personal data within DPV is accepted following no objections, affirmations in meetings, and no other engagements.
20:14:33 <harsh> Topic: Repo restructuring
20:14:33 <harsh> The proposal to restructure the repo to organise it according to the stated structure has been accepted following no objections, affirmations in meetings, and no other engagements.
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/107 -> Issue 107 Restructure repo layout (by coolharsh55) [documentation] [question]
20:14:51 <harsh> Topic: RDFS/SKOS default serialisation
20:14:51 <harsh> See email - https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Sep/0024.html
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/113 -> Issue 113 Make RDFS+SKOS the default serialisation, remove 'DPV/SKOS' concepts (by coolharsh55) [adoption] [documentation] [scope] [review]
20:14:51 <harsh> No objections or further comments in discussion.
20:17:01 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
20:17:01 <harsh> We will decide whether to meet next week based on developments in the mailing list and GitHub - IF there are items, the regular meeting will happen on WED OCT-04 15:00 WEST / 16:00 CEST. Harsh will be absent at this meeting. If there are no further developments and no meeting is needed next week, then we will meet again in 2 weeks on WED OCT-11 15:00 WEST / 16:00 CEST. Agenda is AOB.