13:13:00 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:13:04 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2023/04/13-dpvcg-irc
13:13:04 <ghurlbot> ghurlbot has joined #dpvcg
13:13:06 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
13:13:09 <harsh> repo: w3c/dpv
13:13:09 <ghurlbot> OK.
13:13:11 <harsh> ghurlbot, harsh is coolharsh55
13:13:11 <ghurlbot> harsh, OK.
13:13:13 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
13:13:15 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:23:34 <rigo> rigo has joined #dpvcg
13:49:47 <harsh> Present: harsh, paul, delaram, karenVasquez, beatriz
13:49:47 <harsh> Regrets: georg
13:49:53 <harsh> Date: 13 APR 2023
13:50:08 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/4722c932-cc64-4314-9bbc-82fc906ddc11
13:51:10 <harsh> Topic: ISO/IEC 27560 Consent Record
14:00:42 <harsh> The ISO/IEC work on 27560 consent records has progressed in stage to final approval with another round of (minor editorial) comments.
14:00:42 <harsh> One of the appendices has an example of the consent record that uses the DPV for concepts. This is a good news as it represents usefulness of DPV and the work conducted within DPVCG.
14:00:42 <harsh> A minor change to be suggested for DPV is to change the reference for DPV which currently refers to the draft report, and instead to have it refer to the final published report.
14:00:42 <harsh> Further work on this will include analysing the 27560 for ensuring all relevant concepts are presentin DPV, resolving any deficiencies found, and then producing a guidance document for implementing 27560 using DPV. More on this will be circulated by harsh in the coming weeks.
14:00:42 <harsh> Topic: DPVCG Minutes
14:00:42 <harsh> The previous minutes have been moved over to GitHub, with the index at new URL https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings which includes the minutes as well. This is to enable better searching and use of minutes, such as to find when a concept was last discussed, or identify resolutions or discussions of relevance.
14:00:42 <harsh> Topic: Data Breach concepts
14:00:42 <harsh> We continue the discussion on concepts regarding data breaches. The earlier email https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Mar/0005.html by harsh provided the set of initial concepts, and another email by georg https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Apr/0000.html shared analysis of concepts based on EDPB guidelines for data breaches.
14:00:42 <harsh> (via shared screen) based on this harsh is proposing identifying the relevant concepts and relations to create a minimal vocabulary consisting of concepts `DataBreach`, `DBIA` (Data Breach Impact Assessment) - which includes an investigation of breach and effects; and `DataBreachCommunication` - which includes notifications.
14:07:33 <harsh> Next steps include adding concepts from EDPB guidelines for Data Breach (analysis provided by Georg) and expanding the minimal vocabulary; then applying it to DPC's breach reporting form to identify missing bits; and refine and expand as needed. Examples and detailed notes may be shared via the mailing list.
14:07:33 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
14:07:33 <harsh> We will meet again in one week on 20th April THU at 14:00 WEST / 15:00 CEST at the usual time slot. Agenda items carried over include Data Breach concepts.
14:07:33 <harsh> Further topics of interest from members based on their current work.
14:08:16 <harsh> paul: working on privacy notices
14:07:33 <harsh> beatriz: a vocabulary for DGA, submitted to CPDP but wasn't accepted.
14:07:33 <harsh> harsh: please share the vocabulary this week preferably as we have started discussions on DGA and it will be of essence to the work planend for May
14:07:33 <harsh> karen: wants to expand rights concepts related to ethical considerations and how to propose additional taxonomies for this to DPVCG
14:08:27 <harsh> delaram: AI risks and impacts - how to connect them to DPV.
