20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harsh, paul, beatriz
20:10:04 <harsh> Regrets: delaram, tytti
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 22 NOV 2023
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/3228df35-afc8-4125-be1d-219c5cfd3aff/20231122T150000/
20:09:57 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-11-22
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: DPV Maintainence 
20:10:04 <harsh> see live version at https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/
20:10:04 <harsh> discussion on whether this work should be moved to the main DPV repo - requires verifying it is correct before moving; positive responses on the new design and layout
20:10:04 <harsh> ACTION: harsh to complete the implementation
20:10:04 <harsh> discussion on how to review this, requires people to go through the documents and see if the information is present and correct
20:10:04 <harsh> paul will go through the module pages for purposes - https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/modules/purposes and TOMs - https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/modules/TOM
20:10:04 <harsh> ACTION: paul to review Purpose and TOMs docs
20:10:04 <harsh> beatriz will go through the module pages for GDPR https://harshp.com/dpv/legal/eu/gdpr and DGA https://harshp.com/dpv/legal/eu/dga
20:10:04 <harsh> ACTION: beatriz to review GDPR and DGA docs
20:09:23 <harsh> Topic: Service new concept
20:09:23 <harsh> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/124 -> Issue 124  Add dpv:Service as a concept (by coolharsh55)
20:10:04 <harsh> discussed adding the concept `dpv:Service` to represent and align with legal and industry terms, e.g. services being provided, or grouping purposes into services. Group agrees this would be useful, but to confirm with participants next week.
20:10:04 <harsh> The relation `dpv:hasService` would associate something as having or being associated with a service.
20:10:04 <harsh> The concepts of `dpv:ServiceProvider` and `dpv:ServiceConsumer` and their relations `dpv:hasServiceProvider` and `dpv:hasServiceConsumer` would also be required to represent which `dpv:Entity` is providing the service and to whom.
20:10:04 <harsh> Service is a relevant concept in new legislations such as DGA, DSA, DMA, and allows aligning uses of DPV with terms such as `Business Process` or `Products and Services` under the umbrella term _Service_.
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: ISO 22989 AI terms
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/110 -> Issue 110 Add concepts from ISO 22989:2022 AI Terminology (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> ISO 22989:2022 AI Terminology is a free/open standard which contains lots of terms related to AI. Since this is a standard, this is an important source for the terms and DPV should incorporate these with alignment to existing vocabularies.
20:10:04 <harsh> e.g. AI processes which are 'processing of data', technical measures, and so on
20:10:04 <harsh> to be discussed next week with the AI Act concepts
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Scope regarding AI
20:10:04 <harsh> discussion on ensuring the the work DPVCG does with/regarding AI does not become scope creep and that it is still relevant to the group's objectives
20:10:04 <harsh> As data is an important aspect of AI, and that it is likely to be present at input/output ends of it - the work we do such as DPV is likely to continue to be relevant. So the scope might be readjusting to ensure it is continued to be useful for such cases which still come under 'data' and 'privacy'.
20:10:04 <harsh> Group is encouraged to think and discuss scope at key stages of developments.
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Datasheets/Model cards
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/94 -> Issue 94  Represent Dataset Datasheets with DPV (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> Continuing from question of scope - should we model these? They include terms of relevance to DPV e.g. data categories, purposes, risks.
20:10:04 <harsh> Assumed to be a weak yes unless objections emerge.
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Multilingual DPV
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/89 -> Issue 89  Multi-lingual labels and descriptions for concepts (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> Tobias is available to help with multiple languages, using machine translation. Question is how to present these in the HTML documents?
20:10:04 <harsh> beatriz suggested having a dropdown or option at the top to select language
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh suggested having both other language and English at the start for the term labels and descriptions on that page in case the translation is incorrect
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh suggested doing the translations only at specific frequencies e.g. once a year to allow getting funding and access to legal experts in relevant languages before being aggresive about doing it continously
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh to follow up with tobias on implementing this systematically in the code used to generate RDF and HTML
20:17:01 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
20:17:01 <harsh> The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED NOV-29 15:00 WET / 16:00 CET. 
20:10:04 <harsh> Asked about meetings in December. Based on availabilities, there may be no meetings from around 20th December to 3rd January. To be decided in December.