13:02:15 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:02:15 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/03/24-dpvcg-irc
13:02:29 <harsh>  ScribeNick: harsh
13:02:44 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call 24-MAR-2021
13:02:49 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:03:33 <harsh> Present: harsh,beatriz,paul,georg,rana,julian,nishad
13:03:41 <harsh> Regrets: rigo
13:03:49 <harsh> Date: 24 MAR 2021
13:03:57 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Mar/0005.html
13:06:46 <harsh> Topic: adding legal basis subclasses to the vocabulary
13:07:46 <harsh> Proposal to add generic concepts to sub-classes of LegalBasis:  contract, legitimate interest, legal requirement, etc.
13:08:36 <harsh> +1s to concept from georg,beatriz,nishad,etc.
13:19:25 <harsh> we add these to DPV as abstract terms, then restructure the dpv-GDPR to follow the structure for these
13:21:45 <harsh> e.g. dpv:Consent -> dpv-gdpr: art-6 consent as subclass -> dpv-gdpr: art46/49 as subclass
13:21:59 <harsh> Topic: Discussion on where to represent 'GDPR' concepts e.g. DPIA, ROPA ->  should these be in DPV or DPV-GDPR
13:22:31 <harsh> opinions on how we want to specify legal compliance documentation as a concept e.g. ROPA
13:56:49 <harsh> Proposal is to express LegalObligation in dpv and then specialised terms such as ROPA to dpv-gdpr
13:57:25 <harsh> We can specialise terms such as LegalObligation -> DocumentsForCompliance -> ROPA
13:58:02 <harsh> We should model LegalObligation -> ReportingData Breach :: but this has nuances in terms of who is the reporting to, how it relates to DataBreach (which is a kind of Risk)
13:58:12 <harsh> Topic: Floor open for other discussions
13:58:35 <harsh> Nishad: Panel invitation for DCMI conference for panel representing DPV
13:59:36 <harsh> other possibilities: DUO, GH4G, SPECIAL, etc.
14:02:35 <harsh> Topic: Next meeting
14:02:44 <harsh> We will meet again  in 2 weeks, WED 7 APR 13:00 WEST / 14:00 CEST
14:03:09 <harsh> Note that daylight saving times take effect at different times, please check your local time in relation to 14:00 CEST
14:03:21 <harsh> zakim, bye
14:03:21 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, beatriz, paul, georg, rana, julian, nishad
14:03:21 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
14:03:28 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
14:03:28 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/03/24-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:03:35 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
14:04:21 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
14:04:21 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
