19:15:11 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
19:15:11 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/04/13-dpvcg-irc
19:15:16 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
19:15:16 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
19:15:19 <harsh> Chair: harsh
19:15:27 <harsh> Present: harsh, georg, paul, beatriz
19:15:33 <harsh> Date: 13 APR 2022
19:15:53 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022Apr/0009.html
19:16:16 <harsh> Minutes of last meeting -> https://www.w3.org/2022/04/06-dpvcg-minutes.html
19:16:44 <harsh> Topic: Resolution of Proposed Terms
19:16:56 <harsh> From prior calls, no issues raised regarding proposed terms.
19:17:10 <harsh> We had data subject categories added, which will be published in the next update to the DPV.
19:17:41 <harsh> Topic: Status Concept
19:18:23 <harsh> Proposed terms is `Status` to indicate the state or status of something. Its parent concept is `Context`, and its sub-classes are for `Proposed`, `Ongoing`, `Halted`, and `Completed`.
19:20:33 <harsh> The intention is to provide a way to indicate the status of something in terms of occurence i.e. whether it is happening now, or has been finished. This has implications for understanding the obligations and compliance of activities, for e.g. DPIA for proposed, records for completed, and so on.
19:22:43 <harsh> In the discussions, other types of statuses were also discussed, such as regarding Compliance (fully, partially, not, and violation) and Auditing (approval, rejection, insufficient)
19:24:05 <harsh> More discussions and proposals on this are needed.
19:24:17 <harsh> Topic: Associating concepts with relevant GDPR clauses
19:25:30 <harsh> georg specified a need for providing something similar to the ICO Accountability Tracker https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/accountability-framework/ which includes a spreadsheet enabling organisations to tick off items and assess their score for compliance and conformance
19:26:16 <harsh> In this, relevant GDPR clauses would need to be associated with DPV concepts so as to enable an adopter to know (i) what needs to be done i.e. clause -> concept ; and (ii) why is something being done i.e. concept -> clause.
19:26:26 <harsh> georg and paul will discuss this next week to develop a proposal.
19:26:30 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
19:26:46 <harsh> We will meet next week on WED 20-APR-2022 14:00 CEST
19:27:19 <harsh> Topics for discussion will include the proposal on statuses, and the ICO accountability tracker related discussion.
19:27:22 <harsh> zakim, bye
19:27:22 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, georg, paul, beatriz
19:27:22 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
19:27:39 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
19:27:39 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/04/13-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
19:27:41 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
19:29:29 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
19:29:29 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
