14:04:19 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
14:04:19 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/05/23-dpvcg-irc
14:05:07 <axelpolleres> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019May/0014.html
14:05:22 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has changed the topic to: agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019May/0014.html
14:05:28 <Mark> Mark has joined #DPVCG
14:05:47 <axelpolleres> Waiting for Bert to join to hopefully open an alternative Webex...
14:06:16 <elmar_> elmar_ has joined #dpvcg
14:06:18 <Javier> In the worst case, we can use something similar: https://meet.jit.si/dpvcg
14:07:41 <Javier> feel free to try my link if you wish, it should work
14:08:00 <axelpolleres> fine, we will resort to jit.si....
14:08:17 <elmar_> On my way..
14:08:25 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has changed the topic to: Webmeeting: https://meet.jit.si/dpvcg agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019May/0014.html
14:09:12 <axelpolleres> we will take jit.si for today
14:09:15 <axelpolleres> thanks!
14:09:19 <axelpolleres> scribe?
14:09:39 <axelpolleres> scribe: elmar
14:09:46 <axelpolleres> chair: axel
14:10:21 <axelpolleres> stub spec doc on gdrive... https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Z3Eb5rZjrdWcE5u5o0CYzA_LPyGaTqmg84ecGve_ZLA/edit?ts=5ce41d64
14:12:27 <elmar_> Question Axel: How to generate the full document out of the vocubulary sheet on the drive
14:12:54 <axelpolleres> https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13d1eRXZZBCw84vYGoCJeMU08rzkkzadDzxY3n2iOi8k/
14:13:51 <axelpolleres> PROPOSED: approve minutes from last call https://www.w3.org/2019/05/07-dpvcg-minutes.html
14:13:58 <Javier> +1
14:14:02 <axelpolleres> +1
14:14:05 <elmar_> +1
14:14:19 <Fajar> +1
14:14:25 <axelpolleres> bert, did you complete this action? bert to close actions to be closed as per https://‌lists.w3.org/‌Archives/‌Public/‌public-dpvcg/‌2019May/‌0001.html
14:14:26 <stefano> I was not there
14:14:45 <axelpolleres> RESOLVED: approve minutes from last call https://www.w3.org/2019/05/07-dpvcg-minutes.html
14:15:14 <axelpolleres> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/open
14:16:26 <elmar_> close ACTION-105
14:16:26 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-105.
14:17:01 <Javier> See the email of Harsh with open/closed actions: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019May/0015.html
14:18:11 <Mark> is webex. not working ?
14:18:43 <Javier> we are using https://meet.jit.si/dpvcg now
14:19:14 <Javier> we couldn't set up Webex in the beginning, but we can switch nowif needed
14:19:31 <elmar_> close action-102
14:19:31 <trackbot> Closed action-102.
14:19:55 <elmar_> close action-101
14:19:55 <trackbot> Closed action-101.
14:20:11 <elmar_> close action-100
14:20:11 <trackbot> Closed action-100.
14:22:42 <elmar_> Regarding action-98 Process for feedback: Axel added a suggestion to the draft version in the google doc - asking for proposals to extend initial taxonomies by additional items
14:22:53 <elmar_> cloise action-98
14:23:24 <elmar_> close action-09
14:23:24 <trackbot> Closed action-09.
14:23:27 <elmar_> close action-98
14:23:27 <trackbot> Closed action-98.
14:24:11 <axelpolleres> leave ACTION-97 open for the moment, need to discuss with Harsh still.
14:24:45 <elmar_> close action-95
14:24:45 <trackbot> Closed action-95.
14:24:50 <elmar_> close action-96
14:24:50 <trackbot> Closed action-96.
14:24:56 <Bert> Sorry, didn't close those actions in time, but they are closed now.
14:25:34 <Fajar> https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13d1eRXZZBCw84vYGoCJeMU08rzkkzadDzxY3n2iOi8k/edit?ts=5ce699cd#gid=1163226969
14:26:22 <elmar_> Action-96: Fajar added the NACE sector.
14:26:22 <trackbot> Notes added to Action-96 Consolidate consent part..
14:27:23 <elmar_> Question: Do we need a subclass NaceSector of Sector?
14:28:15 <elmar_> Harsh proposed to remove NaceSector and directly use Sector.
14:28:49 <elmar_> Proposal: have the NACE sectors in the spec, not include all the nace sectors in the dpvcg vocabulary
14:29:47 <Fajar> list of purpose: https://github.com/dpvcg/purposes
14:30:11 <elmar_> The original published NACE list uses skos:broader and skos:narrower, so Fajar created a version that uses rdfs subclasses
14:31:06 <Fajar> https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/ramon/nomenclatures/index.cfm?TargetUrl=LST_NOM_DTL&StrNom=NACE_REV2&StrLanguageCode=EN&IntPcKey=&StrLayoutCode=&IntCurrentPage=1
14:31:13 <elmar_> (Original RDF version of nace)
14:31:34 <elmar_> Original RDF is not provided anymore, is only available in web archive
14:32:28 <Fajar> https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/ramon/nomenclatures/index.cfm?TargetUrl=LST_NOM_DTL&StrNom=NACE_REV2&StrLanguageCode=EN&IntPcKey=18493754&StrLayoutCode=
14:34:20 <Mark>  I have to drop for another meeting -  (Happy PrivMas :-)
14:34:36 <elmar_> Happy PrivMas ;)
14:40:38 <harsh> harsh has joined #dpvcg
14:41:05 <harsh> Hello. Trying to join webex, link says meeting hasn't started yet...
14:42:06 <elmar_> Hi Harsh, we moved over here: https://meet.jit.si/dpvcg
14:42:13 <harsh> thanks
14:45:13 <harsh> Cannot hear any audio, apologies
14:45:15 <elmar_> Proposal: For NACE classification - use dpv:Sector (and remove nace sector) and just leave in a few examples.
14:46:04 <elmar_> Axel: How do we mark something as "under discussion"?
14:46:24 <elmar_> Beneficiary should not be left out, but marked "under discussion"
14:47:24 <harsh> 1) We don't have examples for any other class, so I don't agree with having NACE examples in taxonomy. We can have them in the document.
14:48:04 <harsh> 2) We can mention beneficiary in the document as proposed or under discussion? Or use bibo status to indicate a class is not stable/final ?
14:51:20 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Fajar to coordinate with Bert and HArsh, where to place the namespace documents, e.g. dpv-nace
14:51:21 <trackbot> Created ACTION-107 - Coordinate with bert and harsh, where to place the namespace documents, e.g. dpv-nace [on Fajar Ekaputra - due 2019-05-30].
14:51:30 <elmar_> action: Fajar,Harsh to Define location for namespace documents
14:51:30 <trackbot> Error finding 'Fajar,Harsh'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
14:52:40 <elmar_> action: bert to Define location for namespace documents
14:52:40 <trackbot> 'bert' is an ambiguous username. Please try a different identifier, such as family name or username (e.g., bbos, bertv).
14:52:54 <elmar_> action: Bert to Define location for namespace documents
14:52:54 <trackbot> 'Bert' is an ambiguous username. Please try a different identifier, such as family name or username (e.g., bbos, bertv).
14:53:14 <elmar_> action: bbos to Define location for namespace documents
14:53:15 <trackbot> Created ACTION-108 - Define location for namespace documents [on Bert Bos - due 2019-05-30].
14:54:59 <axelpolleres> Harsh, do you remember does the script have a way to display the "comments" column as issues to be discussed in the spec generation?
14:55:18 <harsh> Comments from the spreadsheet or google doc?
14:55:28 <axelpolleres> ACTION: axel to check with HArsh whether/how the script have a way to display the "comments" column as issues to be discussed in the spec generation?
14:55:36 <harsh> Either way, can try to do that
14:55:36 <trackbot> Error creating an ACTION: could not connect to Tracker.  Please mail <sysreq@w3.org> with details about what happened.
14:55:41 <axelpolleres> comments from the spreadsheet
14:55:52 <harsh> Can do
14:56:06 <Javier> Column J in the sheet
14:56:12 <harsh> Would need to edit the script to add comments as issues
14:58:13 <axelpolleres> ISSUE: ask for specific feedback on (un)ambiguity of the term descriptions
14:58:13 <trackbot> Created ISSUE-21 - Ask for specific feedback on (un)ambiguity of the term descriptions.  Please complete additional details at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/issues/21/edit>.
15:00:33 <elmar_> ACTION: elmar to Review comments on personalDataCategory descriptions and see whether we need to discuss, request any specific comments.. on any of them
15:00:33 <trackbot> Created ACTION-110 - Review comments on personaldatacategory descriptions and see whether we need to discuss, request any specific comments.. on any of them [on Elmar Kiesling - due 2019-05-30].
15:01:03 <elmar_> close action-94
15:01:03 <trackbot> Closed action-94.
15:02:45 <axelpolleres> Goal for next time would be to - as soon as possible - send around a generated full document for review. Next time discuss the reviews and decide for publication.
15:04:06 <axelpolleres> adjourned
15:04:26 <axelpolleres> next call on June 4th, 16:00
15:04:41 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, make public minutes
15:04:41 <RRSAgent> I'm logging. I don't understand 'make public minutes', axelpolleres.  Try /msg RRSAgent help
15:05:00 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, make minutes world visible
15:05:00 <RRSAgent> I'm logging. I don't understand 'make minutes world visible', axelpolleres.  Try /msg RRSAgent help
15:05:10 <axelpolleres> RRSagent, help
15:05:47 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, please generate minutes
15:05:47 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/05/23-dpvcg-minutes.html axelpolleres
15:06:08 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
15:06:24 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, please generate minutes
15:06:24 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/05/23-dpvcg-minutes.html axelpolleres
15:06:40 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has left #dpvcg
15:16:03 <axelpolleres_> axelpolleres_ has joined #dpvcg
15:51:06 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has joined #dpvcg
