12:54:23 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
12:54:23 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/12/08-dpvcg-irc
12:54:28 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
12:54:31 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
12:54:35 <harsh> Chair: harsh
12:55:35 <harsh> Date: 08 DEC 2021
12:55:42 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Dec/0000.html
13:02:37 <harsh> Present: harsh, paul, georg, julian
13:04:13 <harsh> Regrets: inah
13:06:14 <harsh> Previous minutes https://www.w3.org/2021/12/01-dpvcg-minutes.html
13:06:30 <harsh> Previous minutes about today's agenda https://www.w3.org/2021/11/24-dpvcg-minutes.html
13:06:42 <harsh> Topic: Data Entities categories and sub-classes
13:07:22 <harsh> In previous meeting(s), we agreed to include only those categories that are relevant and important e.g. mentioned by a legal obligation so as to include in core DPV instead of an extension
13:08:14 <harsh> julian: this list will not be comprehensive, and is dynamic and industry-specific in real-world
13:09:26 <harsh> georg: so in cases of e.g. ROPA, there would DataSubject as the field and an open text field to specify information about what data subject categories
13:19:28 <harsh> julian: these labels are not formalised in the sense that their interpretation is not clear, unambigious, or uniform across use-cases. For example, 'WebsiteVisitors' is applicable to a visitor to a website, but if there is embedded Twitter content on that website then are they also visitors?
13:20:31 <harsh> julian: some of these categories are subclasses of LegalEntity but not DataSubject, why so?
13:21:17 <harsh> georg: In some cases, e.g. GDPR A.9(2-d), where members may not be data subjects until certain conditions are met
13:21:32 <harsh> julian: in this case, `Member` should be in dpv-gdpr rather than dpv
13:25:36 <harsh> georg: we can think in terms of legal entities, so as to see which groups of data subjects are associated with each legal entity ; then we can think of what categories to model
13:46:24 <harsh> Everyone agrees to the proposal. Georg will be sharing a preliminary categorisation on the mailing list.
13:46:33 <harsh> Topic: Personal Data Categories ambiguity and resolution
13:49:42 <harsh> Proposal earlier talked about prefixing concept IRIs (e.g. Location) with `pd_` to make it `pd_Location` so as to disambiguate it from other uses of Location e.g. StorageLocation as adopters are incorrectly using Location (which is personal data) to denote other forms of non-personal-data locations e.g. company location
13:50:06 <harsh> julian: prefer modular approach i.e. extract personal data to separate module and use as dpv-pd:Location
13:50:19 <harsh> paul: like the concepts all being in one place, but okay to go with consensus
13:50:28 <harsh> harsh: Piero denoted preference for modular approach as well
13:50:36 <harsh> harsh: I prefer modular approach as well
13:50:57 <harsh> Harsh will enquire with Georg and the group will make a decision in next week's meeting
13:51:04 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
13:51:23 <harsh> We will meet again on WED 15-DEC 13:00 WET / 14:00 CET
13:51:26 <harsh> zakim, bye
13:51:26 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, paul, georg, julian
13:51:26 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
13:52:39 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
13:52:39 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/12/08-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
13:52:42 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
13:53:23 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
13:53:23 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
