15:07:12 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
15:07:12 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/01/08-dpvcg-irc
15:07:14 <trackbot> RRSAgent, make logs public
15:07:14 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
15:07:16 <trackbot> Meeting: Data Privacy Vocabularies and Controls Community Group Teleconference
15:07:16 <trackbot> Date: 08 January 2019
15:07:27 <Eva_and_Bud> Hopefully just a few minutes, he's working on it
15:08:01 <Bert> agenda: https://www.w3.org/mid/8EA7794E-F4E0-48E6-8AC2-19689CF514B2@wu.ac.at
15:09:27 <Javier> Javier has joined #dpvcg
15:10:05 <harsh> Bert: Anything we need to add to the agenda (no reponse)
15:10:20 <harsh> Bert: Comments on last minutes (December)
15:10:26 <Bert> -> https://www.w3.org/2018/12/11-dpvcg-minutes.html last minutes
15:11:12 <Javier> minutes approved
15:11:16 <harsh> Bert: Moving to action items
15:11:30 <Bert> action-33?
15:11:30 <trackbot> action-33 -- Harshvardhan Pandit to Summarize elements of consent from the mails and align with mark lizar on "concent receipt" definition (e.g. on delegation) -- due 2018-11-13 -- OPEN
15:11:30 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/33
15:12:04 <Javier> Harsh sent an email with the elements of consent. This needs more work with Mark to show in the next meeting
15:12:37 <harsh> Mark: Also looking at GDPR version of consent records, and we should have something by next call
15:12:46 <Bert> present+ Bert, Eva, Bud, Harsh, Javier
15:12:50 <Bert> action-35?
15:12:50 <trackbot> action-35 -- Mark Lizar to Add previous classifications to subpages of https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/taxonomy -- due 2018-11-13 -- OPEN
15:12:50 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/35
15:13:13 <harsh> link to open actions - https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/open
15:13:47 <Bert> close action-35
15:13:47 <trackbot> Closed action-35.
15:13:57 <Bert> action-41?
15:13:57 <trackbot> action-41 -- Eva Schlehahn to Send email with suggested timing for the agenda as talked about during the last dpvcg call -- due 2018-11-27 -- OPEN
15:13:57 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/41
15:14:12 <harsh> relevant email for Action-35 (by Mark) https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2018Nov/0027.html
15:14:18 <Bert> close action-41
15:14:18 <trackbot> Closed action-41.
15:14:25 <Bert> action-42?
15:14:25 <trackbot> action-42 -- Eva Schlehahn to Look into requirements of data protection assessment, and whether it would make sense to formalize that in terms of what we standardize -- due 2018-12-10 -- OPEN
15:14:25 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/42
15:14:47 <Javier> Eva: ongoing until the next telco
15:14:54 <Bert> action-43?
15:14:54 <trackbot> action-43 -- Eva Schlehahn to Have a look a study on aal that might help us -- due 2018-12-10 -- OPEN
15:14:54 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/43
15:15:14 <Bert> close action-43
15:15:14 <trackbot> Closed action-43.
15:15:16 <harsh> Eva: being done, during last telco I sent the study which is not useful to the group
15:15:23 <Bert> action-48?
15:15:23 <trackbot> action-48 -- Harshvardhan Pandit to Look into classifications of organisations that could serve as a basis for clsssifying data controllers -- due 2018-12-11 -- OPEN
15:15:23 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/48
15:15:43 <harsh> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2018Dec/0021.html
15:16:26 <harsh> categorisation of organisations
15:16:52 <Bert> action-49?
15:16:52 <trackbot> action-49 -- Eva Schlehahn to Put ms visio picture of usage policy on the wiki -- due 2018-12-11 -- OPEN
15:16:52 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/49
15:17:02 <Bert> close action-49
15:17:02 <trackbot> Closed action-49.
15:17:12 <Bert> action-5?
15:17:12 <trackbot> action-5 -- Harshvardhan Pandit to Draft a page about GDPRtext -- due 2018-08-13 -- CLOSED
15:17:12 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/5
15:17:18 <Bert> action-55?
15:17:18 <trackbot> action-55 -- Javier D. Fernández to Look into how to align special duration vocab with “deletion-ideas” from eva’s slide (e.g. include no-retention, deleted-by, etc.) in our vocabulary -- due 2018-12-11 -- OPEN
15:17:18 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/55
15:17:29 <Bert> action-57?
15:17:29 <trackbot> action-57 -- Harshvardhan Pandit to Start definitionsions of the high-level purposes at https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/wiki/purposes_for_handling_personal_data#high-level_categories_.28to-be-discussed.29 and map them to purposes collected from use cases -- due 2018-12-18 -- OPEN
15:17:29 <harsh> Javier: we'll discuss during the next meeting
15:17:30 <trackbot> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/57
15:18:49 <harsh> high-level data purposes (email) https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2018Dec/0034.html
15:19:02 <Javier> topic: Progress so far
15:19:04 <harsh> Bert: did anyone make any progress on anything?
15:19:29 <Javier> Eva: The main problem is the xmas holidays, but will get up to speed soon
15:20:33 <Javier> Harsh: how consent is given in the web, having a look at the IAD consent. How to give consent, advertisement... From the legal point of view, is it enough or not
15:20:36 <harsh> IAB europe consent framework
15:20:54 <harsh> https://github.com/InteractiveAdvertisingBureau/GDPR-Transparency-and-Consent-Framework
15:21:04 <Javier> Eva: I will have a look
15:21:17 <harsh> Eva: send an email on the community mailing list and I can take a look
15:21:42 <Javier> Mark: They call it consent but it is probably not consent
15:21:52 <Bert> action: eva to look at IAB Europe consent framework
15:21:53 <trackbot> Created ACTION-58 - Look at iab europe consent framework [on Eva Schlehahn - due 2019-01-15].
15:22:25 <Javier> Harsh: It is more a technical framework, but maybe the most important are the categories of data, purposes...
15:22:55 <Javier> Mark: will have a look too, interesting
15:23:33 <Javier> Harsh: it seems a limited framework, no way to add new categories, but a good start
15:24:01 <Javier> Bert: Other topics?
15:24:07 <harsh> IAB purposes: https://github.com/InteractiveAdvertisingBureau/GDPR-Transparency-and-Consent-Framework/blob/master/Consent%20string%20and%20vendor%20list%20formats%20v1.1%20Final.md#purposes-features
15:25:13 <Javier> Harsh: Axel, javier and me are looking into data categories and looking at papers and other sources mentioning that data can be inferred from other data. For example, given data A and B, data C can be inferred
15:26:39 <Javier> ... plan is to have some results in the next months
15:27:07 <harsh> Bert: Did anyone take a look at the slides Bud posted an hour ago?
15:27:18 <harsh> https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Jan/0004.html
15:27:35 <Javier> Eva: Will there be a draft document of our findings?
15:27:53 <Javier> Bert: Yes, but we have no concrete plans so far
15:28:08 <harsh> Eva: we should have a document to keep track of different things people are looking at, and keeping a concise overview is required to make it easy to communicate and understand
15:28:34 <Javier> Bert: So far I think we could continue with the wiki...
15:28:38 <harsh> Bert: I thought we can use the wiki as a reporting tool, but we can also have a report. What do others think?
15:29:39 <Javier> Harsh: I think now we are still in an early phase, how are we going to create the vocabulary, which language,...
15:29:39 <harsh> Bert: also the question about who takes editorship of the document
15:30:11 <harsh> Harsh: so in the next few calls, we can discuss and decide on these and then write the report describing our plan and approach
15:30:16 <Eva_and_Bud> our webex connection just died, trying to reconnect
15:31:33 <Eva_and_Bud> back :)
15:33:46 <harsh> Harsh: we can discuss (ACTION-53) about the namespace, Javier suggested priv as the namespace on mailing list.
15:34:00 <harsh> Javier: we can discuss these in the next call(s) when Axel is present
15:34:19 <Javier> Bert: so next telco would be in 2 weeks as planned
15:34:30 <harsh> Bert: next call on 22nd as per schedule
15:35:39 <Javier> Hash: I can share an overview of the status if that's useful
17:17:57 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
17:18:15 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
17:18:15 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/01/08-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
18:03:16 <Bert> present+ Mark, Ramisa, Stefano
20:04:02 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:04:02 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/01/08-dpvcg-irc
20:04:06 <Bert> RRSAgent, make minutes v2
20:04:06 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/01/08-dpvcg-minutes.html Bert
20:04:16 <Bert> RRSAgent, bye
