15:04:03 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
15:04:03 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/03/19-dpvcg-irc
15:07:21 <axelpolleres> present: harsh, mark, eva, bud, bert, axel
15:07:26 <harsh> harsh has joined #dpvcg
15:08:07 <axelpolleres> PROPOSED: approve minute from last call   https://www.w3.org/2019/02/26-dpvcg-minutes
15:08:09 <Mark> Mark has joined #dpvcg
15:09:00 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Bert to polish the minutes from last call.
15:09:00 <trackbot> 'Bert' is an ambiguous username. Please try a different identifier, such as family name or username (e.g., bbos, bertv).
15:09:06 <Mark> I just joined IRC - is there a link already to notes.
15:09:21 <axelpolleres> ACTION: BBos to polish the minutes from last call.
15:09:22 <trackbot> Created ACTION-73 - Polish the minutes from last call. [on Bert Bos - due 2019-03-26].
15:10:00 <axelpolleres> close Action-73
15:10:01 <trackbot> Closed Action-73.
15:10:17 <axelpolleres> ACTION: harsh to polish the minutes from last call.
15:10:17 <trackbot> Created ACTION-74 - Polish the minutes from last call. [on Harshvardhan Pandit - due 2019-03-26].
15:10:28 <axelpolleres> scribe: harsh
15:11:00 <axelpolleres> topic: f2f
15:12:17 <axelpolleres> options for F2F? 2-3 april, 4-5 april, 5-6 april
15:12:51 <axelpolleres> 4-5th in Dublin ist possible
15:14:41 <axelpolleres> Trinity college dublin 4+5 April
15:14:49 <harsh> Any other options proposed?
15:15:55 <axelpolleres> Mark, Axel, Harsh, Bud can make it.
15:16:23 <axelpolleres> Bert maybe.
15:16:40 <axelpolleres> Eva can't make it.
15:17:22 <axelpolleres> PROPOSED: fix F2F in Dublin 4+5 April
15:17:25 <axelpolleres> +1
15:17:27 <harsh> +1
15:17:42 <Eva> +1 from Bud
15:17:56 <axelpolleres> RESOLVED: fix F2F in Dublin 4+5 April
15:18:27 <harsh> Harsh to send information about Dublin: hotels, transport, etc.
15:19:02 <axelpolleres> ACTION: h: Harsh to send information about Dublin: hotels, transport, etc.
15:19:02 <trackbot> Error finding 'h'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
15:19:08 <harsh> Axel: looking at Open actions
15:19:25 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Harsh to send information about Dublin: hotels, transport, etc. for F2F
15:19:26 <trackbot> Created ACTION-75 - Send information about dublin: hotels, transport, etc. for f2f [on Harshvardhan Pandit - due 2019-03-26].
15:20:22 <harsh> Eva: ACTION-71 is ongoing
15:21:08 <harsh> Axel: ACTION-70 to do for next call
15:21:42 <harsh> Axel: We can have a meeting on 2nd April to talk about actions that are ready, and to decide on the agenda for F2F
15:23:05 <harsh> Mark: ACTION-69 EIC is completely booked, it's too late to get involved
15:23:09 <axelpolleres> ACTION-69: too late for EIC
15:23:09 <trackbot> Notes added to ACTION-69 Report on eic conference next time.
15:23:15 <axelpolleres> close ACTION-69
15:23:15 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-69.
15:23:51 <harsh> Axel: ACTION-67 is ongoing
15:24:53 <axelpolleres> ACTION-66: last email https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Mar/0000.html
15:24:53 <trackbot> Notes added to ACTION-66 Look into structuring processing categories, ramisa, bud, eva to help/review..
15:25:00 <harsh> harsh: ACTION-66 types of processing on mailing list https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Mar/0000.html
15:25:23 <harsh> Axel: ACTION-66 and ACTION-68 can be wrapped up in the F2F
15:25:28 <axelpolleres> ACTION-66 and ACTION-68 have some input to discuss inthe F2F
15:25:41 <axelpolleres> q?
15:26:10 <axelpolleres> ack Fajar
15:26:44 <harsh> Eva: ACTION-65 is ongoing
15:26:45 <axelpolleres> ACTION-65 also ongoing
15:27:41 <axelpolleres> for all building blocks we should have some minimal concrete proposals at the f2f
15:27:58 <axelpolleres> close ACTION-63
15:27:58 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-63.
15:29:14 <axelpolleres> close ACTION-62
15:29:14 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-62.
15:30:38 <Eva> sound issues
15:30:42 <Eva> action 60 done
15:30:43 <trackbot> Error finding '60'. You can review and register nicknames at <https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/users>.
15:30:48 <Eva> wrote an email
15:31:07 <Eva> I have added some entries to the  wiki in the Prox use case
15:31:14 <axelpolleres> Action-53: Axel: I will try to prioritizze this by the F2F.
15:31:14 <trackbot> Notes added to Action-53 Together with harsh, fajar, javier start on a base ontology, suggest a namespace, etc. and start populate the sub-taxonomies, agree on language to model it..
15:31:21 <harsh> Eva's mail regarding ACTION-60 https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Mar/0019.html
15:31:29 <Eva> yes that one
15:31:49 <Eva> sorry, sound always a nervous pony here :(
15:31:55 <simonstey> simonstey has joined #dpvcg
15:32:17 <axelpolleres> close ACTION-60
15:32:18 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-60.
15:32:22 <Eva> yes thank you
15:32:57 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Axel to map all closed and pending review actions to the respective edoitors/responsibles of parts ofg our taxonomy.
15:32:58 <trackbot> Created ACTION-76 - Map all closed and pending review actions to the respective edoitors/responsibles of parts ofg our taxonomy. [on Axel Polleres - due 2019-03-26].
15:34:31 <axelpolleres> We need to check in the F2F, if whatever we do matches the use cases on the wiki.
15:34:36 <harsh> Eva: I have added information to some fields for Proximus use-case when working on ACTION-60
15:34:54 <harsh> Eva: Will check back with Rudy regarding ACTION-36
15:36:05 <axelpolleres> ACTION-34: Niklas had sent an email, asking for additional input ... Harsh suggests to work with what we have.
15:36:05 <trackbot> Notes added to ACTION-34 Start structuring categories of personal data and involved dimensions together with elmar and harsh, mark.
15:37:46 <axelpolleres> ACTION-33: subsumed by ACTION-68
15:37:46 <trackbot> Notes added to ACTION-33 Summarize elements of consent from the mails and align with mark lizar on "concent receipt" definition (e.g. on delegation).
15:37:56 <harsh> harsh: ACTION-34 Working on some upper-level taxonomy to describe part-of and combination type relationships
15:38:08 <axelpolleres> Axel: should mark ACTION-68 as pending review
15:39:01 <harsh> Mark: ACTION-33 and ACTION-68 Rigo has said he would look at it, Bud is currently reviewing it. Maybe we should have another task to review it.
15:40:04 <axelpolleres> ACTION-68: more emails on ACTION-68 worthwhile, waiting for Rigo's review
15:40:04 <trackbot> Notes added to ACTION-68 Looking into consent elements and types with help of mark.
15:40:38 <axelpolleres> put ACTION-68 and all other parts of the taxonomy and their status on the agenda for the f2f
15:41:29 <simonstey> no, no news yet
15:42:04 <Eva> Eva: Unfortunately, I need to leave soon, but Bud will stay till the end of the telco
15:43:01 <axelpolleres> What parts do we need to prioritize?
15:43:16 <Eva> +1 regarding poll
15:43:59 <axelpolleres> ACTION: Harsh to set up a doodle to collect points and actions to be discussed at the F2F (and possibly name someone present willing to present/discuss there)?
15:43:59 <trackbot> Created ACTION-77 - Set up a doodle to collect points and actions to be discussed at the f2f (and possibly name someone present willing to present/discuss there)? [on Harshvardhan Pandit - due 2019-03-26].
15:44:05 <harsh> harsh: We can have a poll to see interests of attendees in F2F, and if there are discrete groups, maybe have parallel discussions
15:44:53 <Eva> Eva: need to leave now, Bud still in the telco. Bye :)
15:44:58 <axelpolleres> Where do we collect the current draft(s)?
15:45:15 <harsh> Mark: We can have a draft/document listing progress and state of things
15:46:18 <axelpolleres> Axel: Rather stay with the W3C wiki for the moment.
15:46:26 <harsh> Axel: if things are not on the wiki, please make it known so for collecting progress
15:47:05 <axelpolleres> topic: AOB?
15:47:44 <axelpolleres> Mark: collect content on the wiki.
15:48:14 <axelpolleres> Harsh: collect comments and work on the wiki, use mailinglist just to announce that there are news on the wiki?
15:49:10 <harsh> axel - can you hear us? your connection seems frozen
15:49:13 <axelpolleres> Can you still hear me?
15:49:15 <harsh> No
15:49:47 <axelpolleres> sounds good, but we need terms, descriptions and a place for those in the taxonomy.
15:50:03 <axelpolleres> I can hear you, but I seem to have lost my mic
15:50:11 <harsh> ENISA report regarding network security and privacy standards - https://www.enisa.europa.eu/publications/guidance-and-gaps-analysis-for-european-standardisation
15:50:38 <axelpolleres> is that an input for us?
15:50:50 <axelpolleres> no access to ISO here
15:51:00 <harsh> Yes, it has loads of information relevant for the security taxonomy work
15:51:21 <axelpolleres> I can't ifx my audio, it seems.
15:51:38 <simonstey> link to the ISO standard?
15:51:45 <axelpolleres> So, we talk again in two weeks before the F2F? adjourn?
15:51:52 <harsh> I think mark meant access to ISO documents
15:51:55 <axelpolleres> Thanks all!!!!
15:52:22 <simonstey> I can source ISO documents if I know for which ones to look out for :P
15:52:30 <axelpolleres> please make arrangements for F2F and all who want to join remotely, let us know on the mailinglist!
15:52:32 <axelpolleres> thanks
15:53:29 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, publish the minutes
15:53:29 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/03/19-dpvcg-minutes.html axelpolleres
15:53:52 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, make minutes world visible
15:53:52 <RRSAgent> I'm logging. I don't understand 'make minutes world visible', axelpolleres.  Try /msg RRSAgent help
15:54:22 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, make logs word-visible
15:54:38 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, make logs public
15:56:39 <axelpolleres> axelpolleres has left #dpvcg
