20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harsh, tytti, paul, delaram, georg
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 08 NOV 2023
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/3228df35-afc8-4125-be1d-219c5cfd3aff/20231108T150000/
20:09:57 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-11-08
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Updating concepts for non-personal data
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99 -> Issue 99 Proposal to change DPV scope to include Non-Personal Data (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> tytti has updated the spreadsheet descriptions for concepts identified by georg as containing personal data. Accepted changes are as follows:
20:10:04 <harsh> Entities - `Recipient`. Question about `ThirdParty` - should this be changed to be generic data recipient? GDPR defines Third Party specifically regarding personal data in Art.4-10, but we can broaden it for Data in general.
20:10:04 <harsh> Rights - `dcat:Resource` should be useful for any data.
20:10:04 <harsh> Purpose - `Purpose`, `Processing`, `StorageDuration` should be useful for any data.
20:10:04 <harsh> Legal Basis - `LegalBasis` should be split for personlal data with the existing concepts as `LegalBasisPersonalData` and new concept `LegalBasisNonPersonalData` for non-personal data processing.
20:10:04 <harsh> `DataProcessingAgreement` can cover both personal and non-personal data. Similarly, `DataProcessingRecord` is also generic.
20:10:04 <harsh> `Data` has subtypes which can be applied to any data and not just personal data. They are `CollectedData`, `DerivedData`, `InferredData`, `GeneratedData`, and `ObservedData`. These should not be limited to personal data - which they currently are.
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: DPV Maintainence 
20:10:04 <harsh> Call for volunteers. See https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg//2023Nov/0010.html
20:10:04 <harsh> see live version at https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/
20:09:23 <harsh> see email by harsh https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Nov/0000.html
20:09:23 <harsh>  discussed and attendees find the change agreeable
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Automation & Human Involvement
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/108 ->  Issue 108 Revise Automation and HumanInvolvement concepts (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> Automation concepts - discussed and accepted as they are based on ISO terminology which represents a global standard.
20:10:04 <harsh> Human In/Out of Loop - discussed and agreed that these terms are confusing due to their varying interpretations. Agreed to rename these with explicit interpretations as `HumanInvolved` and `HumanUninvolved`.
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Data subjects categorisation
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/116 ->  Issue 116 Add Intended and Active Data Subject categories (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> Discussed and agreed to have data subject categories based on Intended/Unintended, Active/Passive, and Informed/Uninformed as they are useful. For others, to discuss proposals and resolve later.
20:09:23 <harsh> Topic: Process new concept
20:09:23 <harsh> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/121 -> Issue 121  dpv:Process as a superclass of dpv:PersonalDataHandling to describe any data processing (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [question]
20:09:23 <harsh> group agrees to the proposal
20:17:01 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
20:17:01 <harsh> The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED NOV-15 15:00 WET / 16:00 CET. 