20:08:55 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
20:09:03 <harsh> Scribe: harsh
20:09:10 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
20:09:13 <harsh> Chair: harsh
20:09:23 <harsh> Present: harsh, georg, tytti, delaram, paul
20:09:37 <harsh> Date: 18 OCT 2023
20:09:50 <harsh> Agenda: https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/3228df35-afc8-4125-be1d-219c5cfd3aff/20231018T150000/
20:09:57 <harsh> Meeting minutes: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings
20:10:04 <harsh> purl for this meeting: https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-10-18
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: DPV-Tech
20:10:04 <harsh> georg: Signatu is developing measures from NIS2 and DORA, which we want to represent using DPV. This includes representing "suppliers" providing "technology" which has specific "TOMs".
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: this seems relevant to procurement of technology which delaram is looking into
20:10:04 <harsh> delaram: in addition to information, for AI the Users (AI Act entity) also need technical information and risk assessments to be shared with the technology
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: we can generalise these requirements as concepts applicable for technology e.g. documentation, instruction of use - which can be added to the TECH extension
20:10:04 <harsh> \ group agrees that this would be an useful addition
20:10:04 <harsh> ACTION: georg to share example of cloud technologies that Signatu wishes to model and the NIS2/DORA security requirements
20:10:04 <harsh> ACTION: delaram to share concepts for what information is to be provided with the technology
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: GitHub discussions
20:10:04 <harsh> Subtopic: Serialisation
20:14:33 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/118 -> Issue 118 Keep alt serialisations in the same folder (by coolharsh55)
20:10:04 <harsh> \ There has been an ongoing discussion on GitHub regarding serialisation of DPV and how to serve the specific files and what filenames to use (technical discussion). FYI. This relates to keeping alternate serialisations in the same folder instead of having duplicates (e.g. RDFS+SKOS and OWL)
20:10:04 <harsh> Subtopic: Domain/Range expression
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/119 -> Issue 119 Use dcam:domainIncludes and dcam:rangeIncludes (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [question]
20:10:04 <harsh> \ Discussion on GitHub regarding use of `dcam:domainIncludes` and `dcam:rangeIncludes` to provide guidance on which concepts the properties can be used with. Suggestion to also include `schema:domainIncludes` and `schema:rangeIncludes` as commonly known semantics.
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Updating concepts for non-personal data
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99 -> Issue 99 Proposal to change DPV scope to include Non-Personal Data (by coolharsh55) 
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: In preparation for expanding the scope of DPV to include or allow use with non-personal data, we need to change the definitions and descriptions of concepts to say "data" instead of "personal data". Volunteers for this are needed.
20:10:04 <harsh> ACTION: georg and paul to go through the spreadsheet for non-personal data changes required
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Updates to documentation
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: working on updating the repo structure and the way documentation is generated, have live version at https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: documentation is structured to be less dense - where a list of concepts is shown in the section instead of full tables to provide convenience. There is a full table of concepts at the end where definitions link to.
20:14:33 <harsh> Topic: Categories of Data Subjects
20:14:34 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/116 -> Issue 116  Add Intended and Active Data Subject categories (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [question]
20:14:51 <harsh> \ the group discussed the usefulness of concepts and that there are lots of possibilities for modelling entities and their specific aspects
20:10:04 <harsh> \ the group agreed that it would be better to provide specific modelling of `Active Data Subject` in addition to any contextual `ActiveInvolvement`
20:10:04 <harsh> \ the group agrees that providing `isDeterminedBy` would be useful
20:10:04 <harsh> \ the group discussed `Expected/Unexpected` and considers the possible confusion arising out of this - so for now will keep this as a proposal
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Automation and Human Involvement
20:10:04 <ghurlbot> https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/108 -> Issue 108  Revise Automation and HumanInvolvement concepts (by coolharsh55)
20:10:04 <harsh> delaram: confusion between concepts related to automation - unclear what `AssistiveAutomation` and `PartialAutomation` have as differences. 
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: since these are ISO defined terms, we have to find suitable interpretations to keep them in the same structure, but yes we would need to resolve the confusion here
20:10:04 <harsh> delaram: human involvement has differences from subjects and the concepts in the ISO document
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: yes, the human involvement concepts are a mixed set from different sources e.g. 22989, AI principles documents, existing DPV concepts
20:10:04 <harsh> delaram: human in the loop and other concepts are non-normative
20:10:04 <harsh> harsh: there are too many diverging uses of these with no consensus, so the proposed concepts are broadly categorised as in the loop (involved) with specific types of involvements or out of the loop (not involved)
20:10:04 <harsh> Topic: Discussed without updates
20:10:04 <harsh> \ Implementing 27560 using DPV
20:10:04 <harsh> \ Modelling information on legal bases other than consent
20:17:01 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
20:17:01 <harsh> The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED OCT-25 15:00 WEST / 16:00 CEST. Agenda includes discussions on: 1) Active/Passive etc. concepts ; 2) Automation and Human Involvement concepts ; 3) AOB.