21:26:44 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
21:26:44 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2022/06/01-dpvcg-irc
21:26:49 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
21:26:53 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
21:26:58 <harsh> Chair: harsh
21:27:02 <harsh> Date: 01 JUN 2022
21:27:39 <harsh> Present: harsh, paul, georg, nishad, julian, mark
21:27:46 <harsh> Regrets: beatriz
21:28:47 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022May/0009.html
21:29:26 <harsh> Topic: Proposed technology concepts
21:29:58 <harsh> List of structured concepts shared on mailing list - https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022May/0007.html
21:30:15 <harsh> We will wait for comments/feedback and decide on these next week.
21:31:06 <harsh> Mark says that ID and Surveillance should be the same concept, harsh disagrees and asks for clarification/justification to be shared on mailing list in reply to the proposal.
21:32:26 <harsh> nishad asks about modelling authentication and whether this would be under ID or security, harsh says this should be under security (mirroring structure of tech/org measures)
21:33:18 <harsh> The proposed concepts are not complete, but provide a top-concept or structure for the taxonomy. Authentication, authorisation, specific identification mechanisms and so on will be modelled under (subclasses) of these concepts, and combined where necessary.
21:35:51 <harsh> Topic: Other proposals open for commenting
21:36:03 <harsh> Proposal for DPIA - https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022May/0003.html
21:36:15 <harsh> Proposal for Rights - https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022May/0005.html
21:36:26 <harsh> Proposal for Rules - https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2022May/0010.html
21:37:19 <harsh> We will discuss this alongisde the proposal for technology starting next week
21:37:24 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
21:37:33 <harsh> In 1 week, 08 JUN WED 14:00 CEST
21:37:46 <harsh> Topic: TPAC
21:38:07 <harsh> ODRL WG will have a meeting at TPAC, and DPVCG has been invited to attend with DPV collaboration as part of the agenda
21:38:11 <harsh> (thanks for Victor)
21:38:27 <harsh> Those interested should contact harsh
21:38:52 <harsh> TPAC 2022 will be a hybrid meeting - https://www.w3.org/blog/news/archives/9503
21:39:12 <harsh> It will take place 12-16 September 2022
21:39:16 <harsh> zakim, bye
21:39:16 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been harsh, paul, georg, nishad, julian, mark
21:39:16 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
21:39:32 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
21:39:32 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2022/06/01-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
21:39:36 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
21:40:33 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
21:40:33 <RRSAgent> I see no action items
