13:00:29 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
13:00:29 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2021/11/10-dpvcg-irc
13:00:36 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
13:00:39 <harsh> Meeting: DPVCG Meeting Call
13:00:41 <harsh> Chair: harsh
13:00:46 <harsh> Present: georg, harsh, paul
13:00:53 <harsh> Date: 10 NOV 2021
13:00:58 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2021Nov/0003.html
13:01:48 <harsh> Present+: julian
13:06:43 <harsh> Topic: Data Subject Rights
13:06:49 <harsh> Present+: beatriz
13:08:10 <harsh> georg: DPV does not have a good expression of rights (affirmed by paul), it can better the descriptions for where the rights apply and what is involved
13:09:20 <harsh> harsh: currently, we have the ability to say a certain right is applicable to given context e.g. personal data handling has rights
13:13:10 <harsh> georg: information about when rights apply and what is involved under the right
13:14:25 <harsh> harsh: we looked at this sometime earlier, with the discussion concluding that there isn't a clear or simple way and it gets complex when dealing with non-GDPR rights
13:16:44 <harsh> georg: for example, Right of Access is applicable to information provided by data subject etc.
13:18:00 <harsh> harsh: gets very complex for other rights, e.g. right to forget
13:18:29 <harsh> beatriz: have modeled rights in GDPR paper (under review sem-web journal) where we used ODRL to represent the right and what is involved e.g. information to be provided
13:19:33 <harsh> beatriz: also contains informations about what information needs to be provided under each right
13:20:16 <harsh> beatriz: see work at https://protect.oeg.fi.upm.es/sota/gdprif
13:21:17 <harsh> Present+: mark
13:22:08 <harsh> beatriz: the information helps controllers specify where the right is applicable or is triggered by
13:24:48 <harsh> beatriz: the ODRL CG/WG organises workshops where a collaboration with DPV can be established to work on obligations as a use-case
13:29:52 <harsh> harsh: there is related work by Sushant / Sabrina using ODRL and Sabrina / Vos / Satoh regarding further modeling of rules and obligations ; as well as the DAPRECO KG
13:30:41 <harsh> mark: there's also MIT data rights roundtable https://www-prod.media.mit.edu/articles/data-rights-roundtable-with-mit-media-lab/
13:37:03 <harsh> georg: having information on how to exercise a right is beneficial e.g. contact via email or social media
13:37:30 <harsh> harsh: we can add a property to express 'exercised_by' but is this sufficient and correct? Needs more investigation.
13:38:53 <harsh> harsh: we table this as of interest for now, and invite specific proposals to continue discussion at later date
13:42:39 <harsh> Topic: Joint Controllers
14:06:11 <harsh> harsh: proposal is to have concept JointDataControllers representing the group of Data Controllers as a single instance to indicate it shares the responsibilities of a controller and that it comprises of more than one entity
14:06:44 <harsh> harsh: the relation hasDataController will continue to point to data controller as well as joint controllers to enable simplicity in expressing who is responsible
14:07:02 <harsh> georg: how to distinguish which controller is doing what in the joint controllers relationship?
14:09:01 <harsh> harsh: separate personal data handling instances for each controller, and another one for the joint controller (representing combined attributes)
14:10:04 <harsh> harsh: in earlier discussions, we also discussed the possibility to express multiple data controllers in an use-case, thereby automatically making them joint controllers. However, this does not state the relationship explicitly, and does not allow for expressing the agreement between the two (e.g. JointDataControllersAgreement). Hence the need for this concept.
14:10:33 <harsh> paul: Should this be singular e.g. JointDataController or plural given that it is a single entity / instance when modelling it in DPV?
14:12:07 <harsh> harsh: GDPR mentions plural (A.26 Joint Controllers), so the wording here reflects that
14:12:14 <harsh> Topic: Next Meeting
14:12:40 <harsh> We will meet again next week at usual time - NOV-17 13:00 WET / 14:00 CEST
14:12:52 <harsh> We will continue discussion on these topics / agenda
14:12:54 <harsh> zakim, bye
14:12:54 <Zakim> leaving.  As of this point the attendees have been georg, harsh, paul, :, julian, beatriz, mark
14:12:54 <Zakim> Zakim has left #dpvcg
14:13:05 <harsh> rrsagent, publish minutes v2
14:13:05 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2021/11/10-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
14:13:09 <harsh> rrsagent, set logs world-visible
