14:10:25 <RRSAgent> RRSAgent has joined #dpvcg
14:10:25 <RRSAgent> logging to https://www.w3.org/2019/09/17-dpvcg-irc
14:10:36 <axelpolleres> dialing in a sec
14:12:05 <harsh> Chair: axelpolleres
14:12:21 <harsh> Agenda: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Sep/0021.html
14:13:06 <axelpolleres> seems I am having connection issues with Webex here
14:14:03 <harsh> ScribeNick: harsh
14:14:42 <axelpolleres> PROPOSED: approve minutes from last time https://www.w3.org/2019/09/03-dpvcg-minutes.html
14:14:48 <harsh> +1
14:14:49 <Fajar> +1
14:14:54 <axelpolleres> +1
14:14:55 <Bud> +1
14:15:33 <harsh> Axel: we're back to the bi-weekly schedule for calls, and will be working towards collecting use-cases and examples
14:15:39 <axelpolleres> RESOLVED: approve minutes from last time https://www.w3.org/2019/09/03-dpvcg-minutes.html
14:15:50 <harsh> Topic: Open Actions
14:16:05 <axelpolleres> https://www.w3.org/community/dpvcg/track/actions/open
14:16:24 <harsh> agenda?
14:17:37 <Mark> Mark has joined #DPVCG
14:17:41 <Mark> Mark has left #dpvcg
14:17:49 <harsh> Axel: Action-11 assigned to Simon, (we) did contact by email, but we did not receive a reply as of yet. We should change the person responsible to myself.
14:18:07 <MarkL> MarkL has joined #DPVCG
14:18:23 <harsh> s/Axel/axelpolleres
14:18:33 <MarkLL> MarkLL has joined #DPVCG
14:19:16 <harsh> axelpolleres: ACTION-36 Should we keep it open? We were looking into using one of the use-cases from SPECIAL for DPV
14:20:07 <axelpolleres> close ACTION-36
14:20:07 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-36.
14:20:36 <axelpolleres> Action-130 continued
14:20:44 <harsh> Bud: I talked with Eva, and we discussed that the Proximus was not suitable or readily adoptable for DPV. We discussed, but we don't have a (formal) document yet.
14:22:12 <harsh> discussing ACTION-87
14:22:17 <axelpolleres> MarkL: we should have a way to use other sector codes, combine sector codes.
14:23:53 <harsh> axelpolleres: for GICS, we need something similar as NACE, with URIs that we can plug and use with DPV
14:24:39 <axelpolleres> ACTION-87: would need MarkL to make a concrete proposal to mint URIs for GICS similar to NACE.
14:24:40 <trackbot> Notes added to ACTION-87 Make a proposal alternatively use gics instead of nace..
14:25:13 <MarkLL> time out?
14:26:04 <harsh> axelpolleres: ACTION-114 was also something similar to ACTION-87
14:26:19 <harsh> axelpolleres: we can close ACTION-114 and follow-up on ACTION-87 instead
14:26:23 <axelpolleres> close ACTION-114
14:26:23 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-114.
14:27:28 <harsh> axelpolleres: ACTION-123 and ACTION-124 advertise at MyData by Elmar
14:27:42 <harsh> Elmar sent an email about it earlier: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Sep/0020.html
14:28:29 <harsh> axelpolleres: ACTION-125 advertising at SEMANTiCS by Fajar and Harsh - action can be marked complete
14:28:57 <axelpolleres> ACTION-125: report about semantics in an email by harsh...
14:28:57 <trackbot> Notes added to ACTION-125 Advertise at semantics..
14:28:57 <harsh> email update regarding SEMANTiCS: https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Sep/0015.html
14:29:27 <harsh> ACTION-125: report for SEMANTiCS https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2019Sep/0015.html
14:29:27 <trackbot> Notes added to ACTION-125 Advertise at semantics..
14:29:30 <axelpolleres> close ACTION-125
14:29:30 <trackbot> Closed ACTION-125.
14:30:06 <harsh> axelpolleres: ACTION-126 continued
14:31:51 <harsh> axelpolleres: ACTION-127 ask simon about comments on spec; will ask Simon to mail to the list regarding this
14:32:34 <harsh> axelpolleres: (to Fajar) the comments about class vs properties was one of the things in comments?
14:32:53 <Fajar> https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fRtIy1Cmh6RpWrCB7Cs6XZn504pJqIMAeJ2BhoZsdvs/edit#gid=0
14:33:06 <harsh> ACTION-128: spreadsheet collecting comments and actions https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fRtIy1Cmh6RpWrCB7Cs6XZn504pJqIMAeJ2BhoZsdvs/
14:33:06 <trackbot> Notes added to ACTION-128 Will try to recollect all the inputs and (not-)addressed issues in the spec..
14:35:33 <axelpolleres> 2 separate issues: a) how to identify categories that are PII, b) how to include complementary classes from the Blinding Identity Taxonomy (BIT)
14:36:17 <harsh> harsh: how do we proceed in terms of including the terms? do we have a policy for inclusion of terms from external vocabularies and sources?
14:36:39 <harsh> axelpolleres: in the DPV spec, we have the template/layout for suggesting terms, we can use that
14:38:29 <harsh> axelpolleres: suggestions should include note on how they relate to the existing state of DPV e.g. whether extend existing or overlaps or have alternate concepts
14:40:16 <axelpolleres> ACTION: harsh to contact Jan Lindquis and inform them about the process how to suggest terms, i.e. ask them for a coherent proposal to extend our voacbulary to include their terms and let us know which ones are missing or where are the overlaps.
14:40:17 <trackbot> Created ACTION-131 - Contact jan lindquis and inform them about the process how to suggest terms, i.e. ask them for a coherent proposal to extend our voacbulary to include their terms and let us know which ones are missing or where are the overlaps. [on Harshvardhan Pandit - due 2019-09-24].
14:59:43 <axelpolleres> Can you still hear me?
14:59:51 <axelpolleres> I think we passed the hour...
15:00:05 <harsh> Cannot hear Axel
15:00:06 <axelpolleres> ... we should check timeline, but you can't hear me
15:00:28 <axelpolleres> I can hear you, let's defer the timeline to next call
15:00:32 <harsh> +1
15:00:32 <axelpolleres> in 2 weeks, ok?
15:00:38 <Fajar> +1
15:00:46 <Bud> +1
15:00:52 <axelpolleres> then that's an action on me, continued....
15:01:08 <harsh> Next telco 1 OCT 16:00 CET
15:01:09 <axelpolleres> ... should hopefully be derivable from the last minutes
15:01:13 <axelpolleres> thanks all!
15:01:17 <axelpolleres> adjourned.
15:01:43 <Zakim> Zakim has joined #dpvcg
15:01:46 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, make public minutes
15:01:46 <RRSAgent> I'm logging. I don't understand 'make public minutes', axelpolleres.  Try /msg RRSAgent help
15:02:01 <harsh> rrsagent, please create the minutes
15:02:01 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/09/17-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
15:02:18 <harsh> rrsagent, please publish the minutes
15:02:18 <RRSAgent> I have made the request to generate https://www.w3.org/2019/09/17-dpvcg-minutes.html harsh
15:04:09 <axelpolleres> rrsagent, make logs world-visible
15:04:13 <harsh> v
15:04:14 <harsh> rrsagent, make log public
15:04:30 <axelpolleres> now it works https://www.w3.org/2019/09/17-dpvcg-minutes.html
15:04:58 <harsh> rrsagent, bye
15:04:58 <RRSAgent> I see 1 open action item saved in https://www.w3.org/2019/09/17-dpvcg-actions.rdf :
15:04:58 <RRSAgent> ACTION: harsh to contact Jan Lindquis and inform them about the process how to suggest terms, i.e. ask them for a coherent proposal to extend our voacbulary to include their terms and let us know which ones are missing or where are the overlaps. [1]
15:04:58 <RRSAgent>   recorded in https://www.w3.org/2019/09/17-dpvcg-irc#T14-40-16
15:04:59 <axelpolleres> present: harsh, axel, bud, fajar, markLizar
